URL: https://www.commbank.com.au/articles/sustainability/how-home-batteries-work.html
Title: How Home Batteries Work

Home batteries allow you to store excess electricity generated by solar panels during the day, allowing you to use it when the sun isn't shining, such as during the night or on cloudy days. Most batteries also have a battery management system which informs the battery when to charge and discharge its energy. The battery management system can be set up to suit your energy needs and will be configured by your battery retailer or installer.

## Benefits of Home Batteries
Energy Independence : By storing excess solar energy, home batteries can reduce your reliance on the electricity grid. 1 This means you can use your stored energy during peak demand times or power outages, ensuring a continuous supply of electricity. To ensure your home battery remains operational during a power outage, it is essential to have a suitable battery, inverter and to have your system appropriately configured by an accredited technician.
Cost Savings : Home batteries can help you save on electricity bills by allowing you to use stored solar energy instead of drawing power from the grid. 1 Time-of-Use (ToU) tariffs, which are becoming more common, mean electricity costs vary by time of day. You can save money by using your stored energy instead of relying on expensive grid energy during these peak hours. 2
Environmental Impact : Using stored solar energy reduces the need for fossil fuel-based electricity from the grid.
When considering a home battery, be sure to consult with your accredited retailer and installer about finding an appropriate solution for your home.
Ready to kick start your home electrification journey? Head to the CommBank home energy upgrades page to get started.
Things you should know
Things you should know
This information has been provided without considering your individual objectives, financial situation or needs. Before making any decisions, you should consider its appropriateness to your circumstances and consider obtaining professional advice. The Commonwealth Bank is not authorised and does not make any assertions about reduced consumption from non-renewable energy sources through energy-efficient purchases and installations. Advice and further information should be sought from relevant certified industry professionals. Sources: 1 https://www.energy.nsw.gov.au/households/guides-and-helpful-advice-households/battery-installation-information 2 https://www.energy.nsw.gov.au/households/rebates-grants-and-schemes/household-energy-saving-upgrades/install-battery
This information has been provided without considering your individual objectives, financial situation or needs. Before making any decisions, you should consider its appropriateness to your circumstances and consider obtaining professional advice.
The Commonwealth Bank is not authorised and does not make any assertions about reduced consumption from non-renewable energy sources through energy-efficient purchases and installations. Advice and further information should be sought from relevant certified industry professionals.
1 https://www.energy.nsw.gov.au/households/guides-and-helpful-advice-households/battery-installation-information
2 https://www.energy.nsw.gov.au/households/rebates-grants-and-schemes/household-energy-saving-upgrades/install-battery