URL: https://www.commbank.com.au/credit-cards/manage.html
Title: Manage and control your credit card - CommBank

## Getting started
Activate and create PIN Activate your credit card in the CommBank app or in NetBank and create your own PIN. Activate credit card Add credit card to digital wallet Digital wallets are a convenient and secure way to access your credit card without the need to carry a physical card. Add your credit card to your digital wallet so you can shop online and make purchases in store with just a tap. Set up Apple Pay in your Card settings in the CommBank app Add your card to your preferred digital wallet within your phone app Explore digital wallets Set up your notification preferences Stay up to date by turning on notifications in your profile in the CommBank app. We’ll send you security updates, late payment alerts and actions that need your attention. Log on to the CommBank app Tap on the profile icon Scroll down to settings and then ‘Notification preferences’ Select the notifications you’d like to receive from us Add an additional cardholder You can have one additional cardholder on your CommBank credit card, who must be at least 16 years old. Add cardholder Set up a regular payment You can get regular payments such as bills debited from your credit card automatically. This can be for a fixed or variable amount. Set up payment Turn on transaction notifications Stay on top of your spending by switching on your transaction notifications in the CommBank app. You’ll receive instant alerts when you pay using your credit card. Log on to the CommBank app Tap ‘Accounts’ and select your credit card Tap ‘Manage’ and then ‘Transaction notifications' About transaction notifications

## Activate and create PIN
Activate your credit card in the CommBank app or in NetBank and create your own PIN.
Add credit card to digital wallet Digital wallets are a convenient and secure way to access your credit card without the need to carry a physical card. Add your credit card to your digital wallet so you can shop online and make purchases in store with just a tap. Set up Apple Pay in your Card settings in the CommBank app Add your card to your preferred digital wallet within your phone app Explore digital wallets Set up your notification preferences Stay up to date by turning on notifications in your profile in the CommBank app. We’ll send you security updates, late payment alerts and actions that need your attention. Log on to the CommBank app Tap on the profile icon Scroll down to settings and then ‘Notification preferences’ Select the notifications you’d like to receive from us Add an additional cardholder You can have one additional cardholder on your CommBank credit card, who must be at least 16 years old. Add cardholder Set up a regular payment You can get regular payments such as bills debited from your credit card automatically. This can be for a fixed or variable amount. Set up payment Turn on transaction notifications Stay on top of your spending by switching on your transaction notifications in the CommBank app. You’ll receive instant alerts when you pay using your credit card. Log on to the CommBank app Tap ‘Accounts’ and select your credit card Tap ‘Manage’ and then ‘Transaction notifications' About transaction notifications

## Add credit card to digital wallet
Digital wallets are a convenient and secure way to access your credit card without the need to carry a physical card. Add your credit card to your digital wallet so you can shop online and make purchases in store with just a tap.
Set up Apple Pay in your Card settings in the CommBank app
Add your card to your preferred digital wallet within your phone app
Explore digital wallets
Set up your notification preferences Stay up to date by turning on notifications in your profile in the CommBank app. We’ll send you security updates, late payment alerts and actions that need your attention. Log on to the CommBank app Tap on the profile icon Scroll down to settings and then ‘Notification preferences’ Select the notifications you’d like to receive from us Add an additional cardholder You can have one additional cardholder on your CommBank credit card, who must be at least 16 years old. Add cardholder Set up a regular payment You can get regular payments such as bills debited from your credit card automatically. This can be for a fixed or variable amount. Set up payment Turn on transaction notifications Stay on top of your spending by switching on your transaction notifications in the CommBank app. You’ll receive instant alerts when you pay using your credit card. Log on to the CommBank app Tap ‘Accounts’ and select your credit card Tap ‘Manage’ and then ‘Transaction notifications' About transaction notifications

## Set up your notification preferences
Stay up to date by turning on notifications in your profile in the CommBank app. We’ll send you security updates, late payment alerts and actions that need your attention.
Log on to the CommBank app
Tap on the profile icon
Scroll down to settings and then ‘Notification preferences’
Select the notifications you’d like to receive from us
Add an additional cardholder You can have one additional cardholder on your CommBank credit card, who must be at least 16 years old. Add cardholder Set up a regular payment You can get regular payments such as bills debited from your credit card automatically. This can be for a fixed or variable amount. Set up payment Turn on transaction notifications Stay on top of your spending by switching on your transaction notifications in the CommBank app. You’ll receive instant alerts when you pay using your credit card. Log on to the CommBank app Tap ‘Accounts’ and select your credit card Tap ‘Manage’ and then ‘Transaction notifications' About transaction notifications

## Add an additional cardholder
You can have one additional cardholder on your CommBank credit card, who must be at least 16 years old.
Set up a regular payment You can get regular payments such as bills debited from your credit card automatically. This can be for a fixed or variable amount. Set up payment Turn on transaction notifications Stay on top of your spending by switching on your transaction notifications in the CommBank app. You’ll receive instant alerts when you pay using your credit card. Log on to the CommBank app Tap ‘Accounts’ and select your credit card Tap ‘Manage’ and then ‘Transaction notifications' About transaction notifications

## Set up a regular payment
You can get regular payments such as bills debited from your credit card automatically. This can be for a fixed or variable amount.
Turn on transaction notifications Stay on top of your spending by switching on your transaction notifications in the CommBank app. You’ll receive instant alerts when you pay using your credit card. Log on to the CommBank app Tap ‘Accounts’ and select your credit card Tap ‘Manage’ and then ‘Transaction notifications' About transaction notifications

## Turn on transaction notifications
Stay on top of your spending by switching on your transaction notifications in the CommBank app. You’ll receive instant alerts when you pay using your credit card.
Log on to the CommBank app
Tap ‘Accounts’ and select your credit card
Tap ‘Manage’ and then ‘Transaction notifications'
About transaction notifications

## Manage and control

## Manage and control
Manage your credit card in the CommBank app You can activate, cancel or replace your credit card from your mobile using the CommBank app. Log on to the CommBank app and tap ‘Cards’ Select credit card and select 'Go to card settings' Manage your credit card in NetBank You can activate, cancel or replace your credit card from your laptop or desktop computer using NetBank. Log on to NetBank Go to ‘Settings’ Select ‘Card settings’ Click ‘Manage’ next to your credit card Your digital CommBank Credit Card Access your card details in the CommBank app with your digital CommBank credit card. Tap ‘Show’ to view your digital card details to shop online, pay bills and manage recurring payments Tap the ‘Copy’ icon to copy your card number when shopping online About Digital Card - CommBank Lock, Block, Limit your credit card 1 Enjoy extra control and security in real time using the CommBank app or NetBank. You can customise your card settings to control how you use your card and adjust your security preferences to give you peace of mind when you need it most. Place a temporary lock on your card if you’ve misplaced it Report a lost, stolen or damaged card Set transaction limits and set a spending cap to keep on top of your spend Block ATM cash advances if you don’t want to withdraw cash from your credit card Lock international transactions online or in-store overseas Apply a gambling lock About Lock, block, limit Spend Tracker We can help you stay on track with your credit card spending in the CommBank app. Log on to the CommBank app. Tap ‘Accounts’ Click on your credit card and tap ‘See your monthly spend’ About Spend Tracker Manage your credit limit You can decrease your credit limit or apply to increase it at any time (subject to approval). Log on to the CommBank app. Tap ‘Cards’ Click on 'Go to Card settings' and tap ‘Credit Limit’ About Manage limit

## Manage your credit card in the CommBank app
You can activate, cancel or replace your credit card from your mobile using the CommBank app.
Log on to the CommBank app and tap ‘Cards’
Select credit card and select 'Go to card settings'
Manage your credit card in NetBank You can activate, cancel or replace your credit card from your laptop or desktop computer using NetBank. Log on to NetBank Go to ‘Settings’ Select ‘Card settings’ Click ‘Manage’ next to your credit card Your digital CommBank Credit Card Access your card details in the CommBank app with your digital CommBank credit card. Tap ‘Show’ to view your digital card details to shop online, pay bills and manage recurring payments Tap the ‘Copy’ icon to copy your card number when shopping online About Digital Card - CommBank Lock, Block, Limit your credit card 1 Enjoy extra control and security in real time using the CommBank app or NetBank. You can customise your card settings to control how you use your card and adjust your security preferences to give you peace of mind when you need it most. Place a temporary lock on your card if you’ve misplaced it Report a lost, stolen or damaged card Set transaction limits and set a spending cap to keep on top of your spend Block ATM cash advances if you don’t want to withdraw cash from your credit card Lock international transactions online or in-store overseas Apply a gambling lock About Lock, block, limit Spend Tracker We can help you stay on track with your credit card spending in the CommBank app. Log on to the CommBank app. Tap ‘Accounts’ Click on your credit card and tap ‘See your monthly spend’ About Spend Tracker Manage your credit limit You can decrease your credit limit or apply to increase it at any time (subject to approval). Log on to the CommBank app. Tap ‘Cards’ Click on 'Go to Card settings' and tap ‘Credit Limit’ About Manage limit

## Manage your credit card in NetBank
You can activate, cancel or replace your credit card from your laptop or desktop computer using NetBank.
Select ‘Card settings’
Click ‘Manage’ next to your credit card
Your digital CommBank Credit Card Access your card details in the CommBank app with your digital CommBank credit card. Tap ‘Show’ to view your digital card details to shop online, pay bills and manage recurring payments Tap the ‘Copy’ icon to copy your card number when shopping online About Digital Card - CommBank Lock, Block, Limit your credit card 1 Enjoy extra control and security in real time using the CommBank app or NetBank. You can customise your card settings to control how you use your card and adjust your security preferences to give you peace of mind when you need it most. Place a temporary lock on your card if you’ve misplaced it Report a lost, stolen or damaged card Set transaction limits and set a spending cap to keep on top of your spend Block ATM cash advances if you don’t want to withdraw cash from your credit card Lock international transactions online or in-store overseas Apply a gambling lock About Lock, block, limit Spend Tracker We can help you stay on track with your credit card spending in the CommBank app. Log on to the CommBank app. Tap ‘Accounts’ Click on your credit card and tap ‘See your monthly spend’ About Spend Tracker Manage your credit limit You can decrease your credit limit or apply to increase it at any time (subject to approval). Log on to the CommBank app. Tap ‘Cards’ Click on 'Go to Card settings' and tap ‘Credit Limit’ About Manage limit

## Your digital CommBank Credit Card
Access your card details in the CommBank app with your digital CommBank credit card.
Tap ‘Show’ to view your digital card details to shop online, pay bills and manage recurring payments
Tap the ‘Copy’ icon to copy your card number when shopping online
About Digital Card - CommBank
Lock, Block, Limit your credit card 1 Enjoy extra control and security in real time using the CommBank app or NetBank. You can customise your card settings to control how you use your card and adjust your security preferences to give you peace of mind when you need it most. Place a temporary lock on your card if you’ve misplaced it Report a lost, stolen or damaged card Set transaction limits and set a spending cap to keep on top of your spend Block ATM cash advances if you don’t want to withdraw cash from your credit card Lock international transactions online or in-store overseas Apply a gambling lock About Lock, block, limit Spend Tracker We can help you stay on track with your credit card spending in the CommBank app. Log on to the CommBank app. Tap ‘Accounts’ Click on your credit card and tap ‘See your monthly spend’ About Spend Tracker Manage your credit limit You can decrease your credit limit or apply to increase it at any time (subject to approval). Log on to the CommBank app. Tap ‘Cards’ Click on 'Go to Card settings' and tap ‘Credit Limit’ About Manage limit

## Lock, Block, Limit your credit card1
Enjoy extra control and security in real time using the CommBank app or NetBank.
You can customise your card settings to control how you use your card and adjust your security preferences to give you peace of mind when you need it most.
Place a temporary lock on your card if you’ve misplaced it
Report a lost, stolen or damaged card
Set transaction limits and set a spending cap to keep on top of your spend
Block ATM cash advances if you don’t want to withdraw cash from your credit card
Lock international transactions online or in-store overseas
Apply a gambling lock
About Lock, block, limit
Spend Tracker We can help you stay on track with your credit card spending in the CommBank app. Log on to the CommBank app. Tap ‘Accounts’ Click on your credit card and tap ‘See your monthly spend’ About Spend Tracker Manage your credit limit You can decrease your credit limit or apply to increase it at any time (subject to approval). Log on to the CommBank app. Tap ‘Cards’ Click on 'Go to Card settings' and tap ‘Credit Limit’ About Manage limit

## Spend Tracker
We can help you stay on track with your credit card spending in the CommBank app.
Log on to the CommBank app. Tap ‘Accounts’
Click on your credit card and tap ‘See your monthly spend’
Manage your credit limit You can decrease your credit limit or apply to increase it at any time (subject to approval). Log on to the CommBank app. Tap ‘Cards’ Click on 'Go to Card settings' and tap ‘Credit Limit’ About Manage limit

## Manage your credit limit
You can decrease your credit limit or apply to increase it at any time (subject to approval).
Log on to the CommBank app. Tap ‘Cards’
Click on 'Go to Card settings' and tap ‘Credit Limit’

## Paying your account
Making repayments We’re here to help you feel confident and in control of your financial journey. By paying the total amount owing on your statement by the due date, you can avoid interest charges and any unnecessary fees. Pay at least the minimum by the payment due date to avoid a late fee and be able to continue using your card. About making repayments Set up AutoPay Ensure you never miss a payment by setting up AutoPay on your account. You can choose to pay the minimum amount, a fixed amount or the full balance automatically each month. About AutoPay Understanding your statements Your statement is designed to help you find your payment summary, review your transactions, see our latest offers and keep you up to date with important messages, such as changes to your credit card from time to time. About statements Understanding your repayments A credit card can help smooth your cash flow and let you take advantage of features like Awards points. To make the most of your credit card, it’s important to understand the components that make up your balance. About repayments Manage your repayments with a 0% p.a. SurePay instalment purchase plan Whether it’s a new laptop, a travel adventure or moving expenses, get more flexibility over your spending with SurePay. You can turn a single purchase into a SurePay plan and pay it off in monthly instalments over a choice of 3, 6 or 12 month terms, interest free 2 . About SurePay Minimise and avoid additional fees Credit cards come with extra costs. Make sure you know what they are and how to avoid or at least minimise them. About minimising fees Understanding your interest-free period Taking advantage of your card’s interest-free period can help you smooth your cash flow. About interest free period Switch to online statements Replace the clutter of paper statements, reduce your paper waste and look back at old statements anywhere, anytime. About online statements

## Making repayments
We’re here to help you feel confident and in control of your financial journey. By paying the total amount owing on your statement by the due date, you can avoid interest charges and any unnecessary fees. Pay at least the minimum by the payment due date to avoid a late fee and be able to continue using your card.
About making repayments
Set up AutoPay Ensure you never miss a payment by setting up AutoPay on your account. You can choose to pay the minimum amount, a fixed amount or the full balance automatically each month. About AutoPay Understanding your statements Your statement is designed to help you find your payment summary, review your transactions, see our latest offers and keep you up to date with important messages, such as changes to your credit card from time to time. About statements Understanding your repayments A credit card can help smooth your cash flow and let you take advantage of features like Awards points. To make the most of your credit card, it’s important to understand the components that make up your balance. About repayments Manage your repayments with a 0% p.a. SurePay instalment purchase plan Whether it’s a new laptop, a travel adventure or moving expenses, get more flexibility over your spending with SurePay. You can turn a single purchase into a SurePay plan and pay it off in monthly instalments over a choice of 3, 6 or 12 month terms, interest free 2 . About SurePay Minimise and avoid additional fees Credit cards come with extra costs. Make sure you know what they are and how to avoid or at least minimise them. About minimising fees Understanding your interest-free period Taking advantage of your card’s interest-free period can help you smooth your cash flow. About interest free period Switch to online statements Replace the clutter of paper statements, reduce your paper waste and look back at old statements anywhere, anytime. About online statements

## Set up AutoPay
Ensure you never miss a payment by setting up AutoPay on your account. You can choose to pay the minimum amount, a fixed amount or the full balance automatically each month.
Understanding your statements Your statement is designed to help you find your payment summary, review your transactions, see our latest offers and keep you up to date with important messages, such as changes to your credit card from time to time. About statements Understanding your repayments A credit card can help smooth your cash flow and let you take advantage of features like Awards points. To make the most of your credit card, it’s important to understand the components that make up your balance. About repayments Manage your repayments with a 0% p.a. SurePay instalment purchase plan Whether it’s a new laptop, a travel adventure or moving expenses, get more flexibility over your spending with SurePay. You can turn a single purchase into a SurePay plan and pay it off in monthly instalments over a choice of 3, 6 or 12 month terms, interest free 2 . About SurePay Minimise and avoid additional fees Credit cards come with extra costs. Make sure you know what they are and how to avoid or at least minimise them. About minimising fees Understanding your interest-free period Taking advantage of your card’s interest-free period can help you smooth your cash flow. About interest free period Switch to online statements Replace the clutter of paper statements, reduce your paper waste and look back at old statements anywhere, anytime. About online statements

## Understanding your statements
Your statement is designed to help you find your payment summary, review your transactions, see our latest offers and keep you up to date with important messages, such as changes to your credit card from time to time.
Understanding your repayments A credit card can help smooth your cash flow and let you take advantage of features like Awards points. To make the most of your credit card, it’s important to understand the components that make up your balance. About repayments Manage your repayments with a 0% p.a. SurePay instalment purchase plan Whether it’s a new laptop, a travel adventure or moving expenses, get more flexibility over your spending with SurePay. You can turn a single purchase into a SurePay plan and pay it off in monthly instalments over a choice of 3, 6 or 12 month terms, interest free 2 . About SurePay Minimise and avoid additional fees Credit cards come with extra costs. Make sure you know what they are and how to avoid or at least minimise them. About minimising fees Understanding your interest-free period Taking advantage of your card’s interest-free period can help you smooth your cash flow. About interest free period Switch to online statements Replace the clutter of paper statements, reduce your paper waste and look back at old statements anywhere, anytime. About online statements

## Understanding your repayments
A credit card can help smooth your cash flow and let you take advantage of features like Awards points. To make the most of your credit card, it’s important to understand the components that make up your balance.
Manage your repayments with a 0% p.a. SurePay instalment purchase plan Whether it’s a new laptop, a travel adventure or moving expenses, get more flexibility over your spending with SurePay. You can turn a single purchase into a SurePay plan and pay it off in monthly instalments over a choice of 3, 6 or 12 month terms, interest free 2 . About SurePay Minimise and avoid additional fees Credit cards come with extra costs. Make sure you know what they are and how to avoid or at least minimise them. About minimising fees Understanding your interest-free period Taking advantage of your card’s interest-free period can help you smooth your cash flow. About interest free period Switch to online statements Replace the clutter of paper statements, reduce your paper waste and look back at old statements anywhere, anytime. About online statements

## Manage your repayments with a 0% p.a. SurePay instalment purchase plan
Whether it’s a new laptop, a travel adventure or moving expenses, get more flexibility over your spending with SurePay. You can turn a single purchase into a SurePay plan and pay it off in monthly instalments over a choice of 3, 6 or 12 month terms, interest free 2 .
Minimise and avoid additional fees Credit cards come with extra costs. Make sure you know what they are and how to avoid or at least minimise them. About minimising fees Understanding your interest-free period Taking advantage of your card’s interest-free period can help you smooth your cash flow. About interest free period Switch to online statements Replace the clutter of paper statements, reduce your paper waste and look back at old statements anywhere, anytime. About online statements

## Minimise and avoid additional fees
Credit cards come with extra costs. Make sure you know what they are and how to avoid or at least minimise them.
About minimising fees
Understanding your interest-free period Taking advantage of your card’s interest-free period can help you smooth your cash flow. About interest free period Switch to online statements Replace the clutter of paper statements, reduce your paper waste and look back at old statements anywhere, anytime. About online statements

## Understanding your interest-free period
Taking advantage of your card’s interest-free period can help you smooth your cash flow.
About interest free period
Switch to online statements Replace the clutter of paper statements, reduce your paper waste and look back at old statements anywhere, anytime. About online statements

## Switch to online statements
Replace the clutter of paper statements, reduce your paper waste and look back at old statements anywhere, anytime.
About online statements

## Features and Benefits

## CommBank Awards Program
CommBank Awards offers the largest credit card rewards program of any bank in Australia based on the number of cardholders 3 .
With a CommBank Awards credit card, you can keep up to date with your points balance and activity on the CommBank app and redeem your points for cash back or on a wide variety of gift cards, electronics, appliances and more.
Log on to the CommBank app
Tap ‘Accounts’ and select your credit card, and select the Awards icon
About CommBank Awards Program

## Qantas Frequent Flyer Program
With a CommBank Awards credit card that earns you Qantas Points on eligible purchases, you can put your points towards your next holiday or choose from a range of items at Qantas Marketplace.
With Qantas Frequent Flyer 4 , you can:
Earn Qantas Points on eligible purchases using a CommBank Awards credit card at a rate of 2.5 CommBank Awards points to 1 Qantas Point, if you are a Qantas Frequent Flyer member and have opted-in your Awards credit card.
Use your Qantas Points to choose from thousands of rewards such as flights, flight upgrades, hotel stays, wine or shopping at Qantas Marketplace.
About Qantas Frequent Flyer Program

## CommBank Yello
If you are an eligible customer of CommBank Yello , you have access to cashbacks, discounts and regular prize draws 5 . Plus, continue to save on everyday purchases with personalised benefits, while you bank with us.

## Travel Booking provided by Hopper
Planning your next holiday? With your CommBank credit card, you can now access Travel Booking provided by Hopper. Travel Booking is an exclusive new value-packed way to book flights and hotels via the CommBank app 6 .
Discover what sets Travel Booking apart, explore a wide range of hotel destinations and airlines on offer. Make seamless bookings at thousands of hotel destinations and confidently book flights with the Price Prediction tool and Best Price Guarantee, helping you find the best deal.

## Complimentary Purchase Security and Extended Warranty insurance with eligible cards
Get complimentary Purchase Security and Extended Warranty insurance all provided by Cover-More. It’s a little extra peace of mind, just for you 7 .
Low Rate Gold, Low Fee Gold, Gold Awards, Platinum Awards, Diamond Awards, Smart Awards and Ultimate Awards credit cards. Explore more
Low Rate, Low Fee, Awards and Essentials credit cards. Explore more

## International travel insurance available with eligible cards
International travel insurance for cardholders, their spouse, and accompanied children travelling with them for the entire journey, is available with these CommBank credit cards:
Gold Awards 8 , Platinum Awards 9 , Diamond Awards 9 , Smart Awards and Ultimate Awards
For eligible credit cards​
To receive cover, including Overseas Medical cover, before you leave Australia you must:​
Spend at least $500 in a single transaction on your prepaid travel costs using your eligible credit card 10 ; and​
Activate your travel insurance​ 11
You will also qualify if the $500 worth of prepaid travel costs is redeemed using CommBank Awards points. You will need to provide a copy of the letter/statement/email confirming the redemption.
Once you have met the spend requirement and activated, your international travel insurance cover includes:
Unlimited overseas emergency medical assistance
Lost luggage and personal belongings
Additional cover for travel delays and more
About International travel insurance

## Purchase travel insurance
Get covered before you travel with CommBank’s international and domestic travel insurance plans that you can tailor for yourself and up to 10 people travelling with you for the entire journey 12 .
Learn more about travel insurance

## Mastercard Travel Pass with DragonPass
With Ultimate Awards, enjoy two complimentary airport lounge passes with Mastercard Travel Pass with DragonPass. 13
With Smart Awards, get access to airport lounge benefits for a fee with Mastercard Travel Pass provided by DragonPass when paying with your Smart Awards card. 13
Remember to register online on Mastercard Travel Pass before you go.

## Mastercard Travel Rewards
With Smart Awards and Ultimate Awards cards, you have access to Mastercard Travel Rewards, where you can enjoy cashback offers at participating merchants when you make purchases overseas or online when you use your card 14 . Visit the Mastercard Travel Rewards website to register.

## Card Safety
Making sure your credit card is always secure is one of the most important parts of managing your card. What to do if your card is lost or stolen How to dispute a transaction
Making sure your credit card is always secure is one of the most important parts of managing your card.
What to do if your card is lost or stolen How to dispute a transaction
What to do if your card is lost or stolen
How to dispute a transaction

## Switch to a different credit card
How to apply for a different CommBank credit card What happens after you apply for a different card Accessing statements for old accounts Card switching is not available for CommBank Neo or Interest-free Low Fee.
How to apply for a different CommBank credit card
What happens after you apply for a different card
Accessing statements for old accounts
Card switching is not available for CommBank Neo or Interest-free Low Fee.

## Common credit card mistakes to avoid
Common credit card mistakes to avoid
Having a good idea of how you’ll use your credit card can help you choose one that best suits your needs.

## Tips for travelling overseas with your credit card
Tips for travelling overseas with your credit card

## Pros & cons of increasing your credit limit

## Pros & cons of increasing your credit limit
An increase to your credit card limit can come in very handy, but also comes with potential risks.

## We're here to help
Contact us Message us in the CommBank app or call to connect to the right help.

## Contact us
Message us in the CommBank app or call to connect to the right help.
Message us Get instant help from our virtual assistant or connect to a specialist.

## Message us
Get instant help from our virtual assistant or connect to a specialist.
FAQs Search support and our most frequently asked questions.

## FAQs
Search support and our most frequently asked questions.
Find a branch Find a branch, ATM or specialist near you.

## Find a branch
Find a branch, ATM or specialist near you.

## Things you should know
1 Lock, Block, Limit doesn't apply to transactions that are flagged as recurring (e.g. direct debits) and transactions not sent to us for authorisation. Except for the spending cap, transactions made via Tap & Pay set up on a compatible smartphone aren't blocked. Some transactions made at CommBank branches, over the phone, through online or mobile banking (including transfers to other accounts, bill payments and assisted cash withdrawals) are also excluded. Other conditions apply. 2 You won't be able to apply for an instalment plan if you don't meet our criteria (e.g. if you have exceeded your limit or you are in default). Instalment plans are not available on CommBank Neo, Interest-free Low Fee credit card, non-Awards Business Cards, corporate cards or balance transfers. The terms of the CommBank Credit Card Conditions of Use relating to instalment plans (section 5) applies for all cards except for the Interest-free Low Fee card, which is covered by the Interest-free Low Fee terms and Conditions. While you have an instalment plan, we apply your credit card payments first to your current monthly instalments. This will apply even when you have other card balances with a higher interest rate, such as cash advances and purchases not on a plan. Any interest-free period on purchases will no longer apply once the purchase is put on a plan. You can cancel your instalment plan at any time. When a cancellation is processed, the outstanding instalment balance will be transferred to your purchases balance and accrue interest from the transfer date at the standard purchase interest rate applicable on your account. If you miss a monthly instalment payment, the unpaid instalment amount for that month will be returned to your main balance and charged interest at the standard purchase rate. If you fail to make your monthly instalments on your SurePay instalment plan for three consecutive months, we’ll cancel the SurePay instalment plan. Any remaining SurePay instalment balance and any interest on the cancelled plan will be transferred to your purchase balance and will be payable at the card purchase interest rate . SurePay Purchase Plan terms and conditions To pay off a one-off purchase of $100 or more, made in the last 14 days with a 0% p.a. interest rate for a fee of 2% for 3 month plans, 3% for 6 month plans and 5% for 12 month plans. Minimum transaction amount per term: $100 for 3 months, $150 for 6 months and $300 for 12 months. Your monthly plan repayment is calculated by dividing the total plan amount (including the set-up fee), by the number of months in the plan term. The set-up fee is included as part of your first Monthly Instalment Payment, and when you make your first repayment, the repayment will be used first towards paying off the set-up fee, then towards the purchase amount. The fee is non-refundable if you cancel or pay off your plan early. The 0% p.a. interest rate is only available for 'Card purchase plans' and not 'Card balance plans' or 'Cash advance balance plans'. 3 Source: DBM Consultants, customers 18+ with a rewards/loyalty card in the 12 months to March 2023. 4 You must be a member of the Qantas Frequent Flyer program to earn and redeem Qantas Points. If you are not a Qantas Frequent Flyer member, you can join here. Membership and Qantas Points are subject to the terms and conditions of the Qantas Frequent Flyer program available at qantas.com/terms. Opt-in to earn Qantas Points is $90 per year. This is a non-refundable additional fee charged to your card when you opt-in to earn Qantas Points and each subsequent year on the anniversary of your opt-in. This is charged once per year in addition to your regular credit card fees. Once CommBank Awards points have been redeemed for Qantas Points, they cannot be converted back to the CommBank Awards points program. 5 The CommBank Yello Cashback Offers program (‘CommBank Yello Cashback Offers’) rewards you with cashback after you activate (where required) an offer presented to you via the CommBank app and you make a purchase in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of that offer. Cashback is typically received within 14 business days of a qualifying purchase, but in some cases may take longer. If you are not already enrolled, you can enrol if you are at least 18 years old, hold an eligible CommBank credit Mastercard or debit Mastercard, Business credit Mastercard or StepPay digital card, and meet the ‘Base eligibility criteria’ in the ‘CommBank Yello Terms and Conditions’ (latest version available on our website at commbank.com.au/commbank-yello) (‘CommBank Yello’). Your participation in CommBank Yello Cashback Offers is governed by the full Terms and Conditions available in the CommBank app. 6 Travel Booking is provided by Hopper Inc (Hopper). Hopper is not part of the CBA Group. CBA is not responsible for the content on this portal, nor the provision of any of the services that are offered through this portal. The services offered are subject to the Travel Booking terms and conditions. CBA does not guarantee the obligations or performance of Hopper or the services it offers. CommBank Awards customers can choose to use all or part or all of their Awards points for payment of their booking. CommBank will receive a portion of the revenue generated from the Travel Booking platform. 7 Purchase Security and Extended Warranty Insurances are issued by Cover-More Insurance Services Pty Ltd (AFSL 241713, ABN 95 003 114 145) on behalf of the insurer Zurich Australian Insurance Limited (AFSL 232507, ABN 13 000 296 640). Cover-More administers the products and arranges the issue of the insurance to Commonwealth Bank of Australia (CBA) (AFSL 234945, ABN 48 123 123 124) who then provides the insurance to the cardholder in line with the agreement. Limits, sub-limits, conditions and exclusions apply. Please read the Credit Card Insurances Product Disclosure Statement and Information Booklet for Low Fee Gold, Low Rate Gold, Gold Awards, Platinum Awards, Diamond Awards, Smart Awards and Ultimate Awards credit cards or the Credit Card Insurances Information Booklet for Low Rate Standard, Low Fee Standard, Awards Standard and Essentials credit cards for more information. 8 Gold Awards cards are no longer available for sale from 23 March 2018. 9 Platinum Awards & Diamond Awards cards are no longer available for sale from 3 June 2023. 10 For eligible credit cards, you will need spend at least $500 in a single transaction on your prepaid travel costs (e.g. the cost of your return overseas travel ticket, prepaid accommodation, cruise, travel or tour) by charging the cost for that trip on your eligible card account before leaving Australia and activate to receive any cover, including Overseas Medical cover. You will also qualify if the $500 worth of prepaid travel costs is redeemed using CommBank Awards points. You will need to provide a copy of the letter/statement/email confirming the redemption. Insurance is provided by Zurich Australian Insurance Limited, ABN 1﻿3 0﻿00 2﻿96 6﻿40, AFS Licence Number 2﻿32507 through its agent Cover-More Insurance Services Pty Ltd ABN 9﻿5 0﻿03 1﻿14 1﻿45, AFSL 2﻿41713 (Cover-More) for Commonwealth Bank of Australia (CBA). Terms, conditions, restrictions, exclusions (including for pre-existing medical conditions and persons aged 74 years or over for CBA Travel Insurance, and 80 years or over for insurance available with eligible cards), benefit limits, sub-limits and excesses may apply to all insurances. 11 Before activating the international travel insurance included in your CommBank credit card please read the Credit Card Insurances Product Disclosure Statement and Information Booklet for more information. If you have activated international travel insurance included in your CommBank credit card on or before 6 F﻿ebruary 2﻿024, please refer to the Credit Card Insurances Product Disclosure Statement and Information Booklet – effective 2 June 2023. 12 CBA Travel Insurance is provided by Zurich Australian Insurance Limited, ABN 13 000 296 640, AFS Licence Number 232507 through its agent Cover-More Insurance Services Pty Ltd ABN 95 003 114 145, AFSL 241713 (Cover-More) for Commonwealth Bank of Australia (CBA). Terms, conditions, restrictions, exclusions (including for pre-existing medical conditions and persons aged 74 years or over), limits and excesses may apply to all insurances. Please read the CBA Travel Insurance Combined Product Disclosure Statement and Financial Services Guide for more information about CBA Travel Insurance. 13 To gain access to participating airport lounges, you must register your Smart Awards and Ultimate Awards credit card on the Mastercard Travel Pass app or mastercardtravelpass.dragonpass.com , generate a membership QR code and present this along with your boarding pass for validation. Ultimate Awards customers receive two complimentary lounge visits every year, per account, each visit can be used by either the primary cardholder or guest. Guest must always be accompanied by the primary cardholder and cannot use the access on their own. Smart Awards customers will pay a fee. Please note, your lounge access may be blocked if your account is closed, in arrears, reported lost or stolen, or has been blocked by us for any reason. To redeem an offer visit the Mastercard Travel Pass app or mastercardtravelpass.dragonpass.com to select your preferred offer and generate an offer QR code. Present the valid offer QR code to the cashier and redeem the offer. Please note, offers vary by location. For information on accessing lounges, offer locations, a full list of Terms and Conditions and Frequently Asked Questions, visit FAQs at Mastercard Travel Pass . 14 Mastercard Travel Rewards are only available through participating merchants outside Australia. To receive the advertised cashback, pay with your Smart Awards and Ultimate Awards Mastercard at a participating overseas merchant and meet the offer’s terms and conditions. You must pay in the overseas currency of the offer – transactions made in Australian dollars are not eligible. Cashbacks may take up to 30 days to appear on your statement. Visit Mastercard Travel Rewards for a list of participating merchants and to find out more . CommBank acknowledges the Traditional Owners of the lands across Australia as the continuing custodians of Country and Culture. We pay our respect to First Nations peoples and their Elders, past and present. ©2024 Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124 AFSL and Australian credit licence 234945
1 Lock, Block, Limit doesn't apply to transactions that are flagged as recurring (e.g. direct debits) and transactions not sent to us for authorisation. Except for the spending cap, transactions made via Tap & Pay set up on a compatible smartphone aren't blocked. Some transactions made at CommBank branches, over the phone, through online or mobile banking (including transfers to other accounts, bill payments and assisted cash withdrawals) are also excluded. Other conditions apply.
2 You won't be able to apply for an instalment plan if you don't meet our criteria (e.g. if you have exceeded your limit or you are in default). Instalment plans are not available on CommBank Neo, Interest-free Low Fee credit card, non-Awards Business Cards, corporate cards or balance transfers. The terms of the CommBank Credit Card Conditions of Use relating to instalment plans (section 5) applies for all cards except for the Interest-free Low Fee card, which is covered by the Interest-free Low Fee terms and Conditions.
While you have an instalment plan, we apply your credit card payments first to your current monthly instalments. This will apply even when you have other card balances with a higher interest rate, such as cash advances and purchases not on a plan.
Any interest-free period on purchases will no longer apply once the purchase is put on a plan.
You can cancel your instalment plan at any time. When a cancellation is processed, the outstanding instalment balance will be transferred to your purchases balance and accrue interest from the transfer date at the standard purchase interest rate applicable on your account.
If you miss a monthly instalment payment, the unpaid instalment amount for that month will be returned to your main balance and charged interest at the standard purchase rate.
If you fail to make your monthly instalments on your SurePay instalment plan for three consecutive months, we’ll cancel the SurePay instalment plan. Any remaining SurePay instalment balance and any interest on the cancelled plan will be transferred to your purchase balance and will be payable at the card purchase interest rate .
SurePay Purchase Plan terms and conditions
To pay off a one-off purchase of $100 or more, made in the last 14 days with a 0% p.a. interest rate for a fee of 2% for 3 month plans, 3% for 6 month plans and 5% for 12 month plans.
Minimum transaction amount per term: $100 for 3 months, $150 for 6 months and $300 for 12 months.
Your monthly plan repayment is calculated by dividing the total plan amount (including the set-up fee), by the number of months in the plan term. The set-up fee is included as part of your first Monthly Instalment Payment, and when you make your first repayment, the repayment will be used first towards paying off the set-up fee, then towards the purchase amount. The fee is non-refundable if you cancel or pay off your plan early.
The 0% p.a. interest rate is only available for 'Card purchase plans' and not 'Card balance plans' or 'Cash advance balance plans'.
3 Source: DBM Consultants, customers 18+ with a rewards/loyalty card in the 12 months to March 2023.
4 You must be a member of the Qantas Frequent Flyer program to earn and redeem Qantas Points. If you are not a Qantas Frequent Flyer member, you can join here. Membership and Qantas Points are subject to the terms and conditions of the Qantas Frequent Flyer program available at qantas.com/terms.
Opt-in to earn Qantas Points is $90 per year.
This is a non-refundable additional fee charged to your card when you opt-in to earn Qantas Points and each subsequent year on the anniversary of your opt-in. This is charged once per year in addition to your regular credit card fees. Once CommBank Awards points have been redeemed for Qantas Points, they cannot be converted back to the CommBank Awards points program.
5 The CommBank Yello Cashback Offers program (‘CommBank Yello Cashback Offers’) rewards you with cashback after you activate (where required) an offer presented to you via the CommBank app and you make a purchase in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of that offer. Cashback is typically received within 14 business days of a qualifying purchase, but in some cases may take longer. If you are not already enrolled, you can enrol if you are at least 18 years old, hold an eligible CommBank credit Mastercard or debit Mastercard, Business credit Mastercard or StepPay digital card, and meet the ‘Base eligibility criteria’ in the ‘CommBank Yello Terms and Conditions’ (latest version available on our website at commbank.com.au/commbank-yello) (‘CommBank Yello’). Your participation in CommBank Yello Cashback Offers is governed by the full Terms and Conditions available in the CommBank app.
6 Travel Booking is provided by Hopper Inc (Hopper). Hopper is not part of the CBA Group. CBA is not responsible for the content on this portal, nor the provision of any of the services that are offered through this portal. The services offered are subject to the Travel Booking terms and conditions. CBA does not guarantee the obligations or performance of Hopper or the services it offers. CommBank Awards customers can choose to use all or part or all of their Awards points for payment of their booking. CommBank will receive a portion of the revenue generated from the Travel Booking platform.
7 Purchase Security and Extended Warranty Insurances are issued by Cover-More Insurance Services Pty Ltd (AFSL 241713, ABN 95 003 114 145) on behalf of the insurer Zurich Australian Insurance Limited (AFSL 232507, ABN 13 000 296 640). Cover-More administers the products and arranges the issue of the insurance to Commonwealth Bank of Australia (CBA) (AFSL 234945, ABN 48 123 123 124) who then provides the insurance to the cardholder in line with the agreement. Limits, sub-limits, conditions and exclusions apply.
Please read the Credit Card Insurances Product Disclosure Statement and Information Booklet for Low Fee Gold, Low Rate Gold, Gold Awards, Platinum Awards, Diamond Awards, Smart Awards and Ultimate Awards credit cards or the Credit Card Insurances Information Booklet for Low Rate Standard, Low Fee Standard, Awards Standard and Essentials credit cards for more information.
8 Gold Awards cards are no longer available for sale from 23 March 2018.
9 Platinum Awards & Diamond Awards cards are no longer available for sale from 3 June 2023.
10 For eligible credit cards, you will need spend at least $500 in a single transaction on your prepaid travel costs (e.g. the cost of your return overseas travel ticket, prepaid accommodation, cruise, travel or tour) by charging the cost for that trip on your eligible card account before leaving Australia and activate to receive any cover, including Overseas Medical cover. You will also qualify if the $500 worth of prepaid travel costs is redeemed using CommBank Awards points. You will need to provide a copy of the letter/statement/email confirming the redemption. Insurance is provided by Zurich Australian Insurance Limited, ABN 1﻿3 0﻿00 2﻿96 6﻿40, AFS Licence Number 2﻿32507 through its agent Cover-More Insurance Services Pty Ltd ABN 9﻿5 0﻿03 1﻿14 1﻿45, AFSL 2﻿41713 (Cover-More) for Commonwealth Bank of Australia (CBA). Terms, conditions, restrictions, exclusions (including for pre-existing medical conditions and persons aged 74 years or over for CBA Travel Insurance, and 80 years or over for insurance available with eligible cards), benefit limits, sub-limits and excesses may apply to all insurances.
11 Before activating the international travel insurance included in your CommBank credit card please read the Credit Card Insurances Product Disclosure Statement and Information Booklet for more information. If you have activated international travel insurance included in your CommBank credit card on or before 6 F﻿ebruary 2﻿024, please refer to the Credit Card Insurances Product Disclosure Statement and Information Booklet – effective 2 June 2023.
12 CBA Travel Insurance is provided by Zurich Australian Insurance Limited, ABN 13 000 296 640, AFS Licence Number 232507 through its agent Cover-More Insurance Services Pty Ltd ABN 95 003 114 145, AFSL 241713 (Cover-More) for Commonwealth Bank of Australia (CBA).
Terms, conditions, restrictions, exclusions (including for pre-existing medical conditions and persons aged 74 years or over), limits and excesses may apply to all insurances. Please read the CBA Travel Insurance Combined Product Disclosure Statement and Financial Services Guide for more information about CBA Travel Insurance.
13 To gain access to participating airport lounges, you must register your Smart Awards and Ultimate Awards credit card on the Mastercard Travel Pass app or mastercardtravelpass.dragonpass.com , generate a membership QR code and present this along with your boarding pass for validation. Ultimate Awards customers receive two complimentary lounge visits every year, per account, each visit can be used by either the primary cardholder or guest. Guest must always be accompanied by the primary cardholder and cannot use the access on their own. Smart Awards customers will pay a fee. Please note, your lounge access may be blocked if your account is closed, in arrears, reported lost or stolen, or has been blocked by us for any reason. To redeem an offer visit the Mastercard Travel Pass app or mastercardtravelpass.dragonpass.com to select your preferred offer and generate an offer QR code. Present the valid offer QR code to the cashier and redeem the offer. Please note, offers vary by location. For information on accessing lounges, offer locations, a full list of Terms and Conditions and Frequently Asked Questions, visit FAQs at Mastercard Travel Pass .
14 Mastercard Travel Rewards are only available through participating merchants outside Australia. To receive the advertised cashback, pay with your Smart Awards and Ultimate Awards Mastercard at a participating overseas merchant and meet the offer’s terms and conditions. You must pay in the overseas currency of the offer – transactions made in Australian dollars are not eligible. Cashbacks may take up to 30 days to appear on your statement. Visit Mastercard Travel Rewards for a list of participating merchants and to find out more .
CommBank acknowledges the Traditional Owners of the lands across Australia as the continuing custodians of Country and Culture. We pay our respect to First Nations peoples and their Elders, past and present.
©2024 Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124 AFSL and Australian credit licence 234945