URL: https://www.commbank.com.au/guidance/consumer-finance/wallet-s-gone-walkabout--now-what--201612.html
Title: What to do if your wallet is lost or stolen - CommBank

Once the initial panic has subsided, there are eight things you should do straight away to protect your money and help you get back on your feet.

## Related articles
How to keep your child safe online
Take control of your online identity
Stop and check before you fall prey to scammers
Cancel and order replacement CommBank cards in the CommBank app. Simply open the app and go to Cards > Tap the image of the card that was in your wallet > Lost, stolen or damaged > Lost or stolen. Or you can do it in NetBank instead
Lock your Travel Money Card in the CommBank app > Cards >Travel Money Card image > Lost, stolen or misplaced cards or lock it in NetBank
If you’re sure you haven’t left it somewhere and suspect it may have been stolen, let the police know
While it’s still fresh in your mind, make a list of everything that may have been in your wallet, such as keys, loyalty cards, gift cards, gym memberships, etc. This will come in handy when you need to order replacements
Call Medicare on 132 011 (call charges apply)
Get a replacement driver licence at your local Department of Transport office or using a photo-kit form if you’re overseas
Contact your private health care fund to order a replacement card
Order a new transport card and lock your balance: NSW (Opal) call 13 67 25 or report it lost online QLD (gocard) call 13 12 30 or report it lost online VIC (myki) call 1800 800 007 or report it lost online SA (Adelaide metro) call 1300 311 108 or report it lost online.
It’s important to keep an eye on your accounts and watch for any suspicious activity, and report anything immediately.
Overseas? Call us 24/7 on +61 2 9999 3283 (reverse the call charges) to report any lost or stolen CommBank cards. An Australian consulate can also help if you need it.
Pro-tip: Got the CommBank app? You can get cash out using just your smartphone , Tap & Pay , store loyalty cards and lots more. So you may not need to take your wallet everywhere.
Things you should know
Things you should know
This article is intended to provide general information of an educational nature only. It does not have regard to the financial situation or needs of any reader and must not be relied upon as financial product advice. As this information has been prepared without considering your objectives, financial situation or needs. You should, before acting on this, consider the appropriateness to your circumstances.
This article is intended to provide general information of an educational nature only. It does not have regard to the financial situation or needs of any reader and must not be relied upon as financial product advice. As this information has been prepared without considering your objectives, financial situation or needs. You should, before acting on this, consider the appropriateness to your circumstances.