URL: https://www.commbank.com.au/support/deceased-estates.html
Title: Deceased Estate & Settlement Support When Losing a Loved One

## Documents to provide as part of a notification
Certified copy of the Death Certificate Certified copy of the Will Certified copies of either a Grant of Probate or Letters of Administration You can still complete a notification even if you do not have any of the required documents. You will need to provide certain documents to finalise the estate. For more information, head to ‘ Additional Information’ and refer to the  ‘Providing documents’ section. What is a Deceased Estate?
Certified copy of the Death Certificate
Certified copy of the Will
Certified copies of either a Grant of Probate or Letters of Administration
You can still complete a notification even if you do not have any of the required documents. You will need to provide certain documents to finalise the estate. For more information, head to ‘ Additional Information’ and refer to the  ‘Providing documents’ section.
What is a Deceased Estate?

## Supporting you, every step of the way
When someone passes away, there are countless things to be done and tough decisions to make – all of which can feel overwhelming and confusing. We can help you with banking arrangements by explaining what’s required and supporting you through each stage, from completing paperwork and stopping account activity, to handling the release of money from the estate. Depending on the situation and what documents you already have, it may take anywhere from a couple of weeks to a few months to finalise the estate, and we may also need information or instructions from multiple parties. Here’s what you need to do to finalise your loved one’s estate, and it’s explained in more detail further below: Let us know - notify us online or book an in-branch appointment Understand impacts to accounts Make a claim for funeral expenses Confirm your relationship to the estate Release funds and close accounts Notify us online Book an appointment If you’ve notified us online previously and have your reference number, you can upload additional documents online. Manage existing notification
When someone passes away, there are countless things to be done and tough decisions to make – all of which can feel overwhelming and confusing.
We can help you with banking arrangements by explaining what’s required and supporting you through each stage, from completing paperwork and stopping account activity, to handling the release of money from the estate.
Depending on the situation and what documents you already have, it may take anywhere from a couple of weeks to a few months to finalise the estate, and we may also need information or instructions from multiple parties.
Here’s what you need to do to finalise your loved one’s estate, and it’s explained in more detail further below:
Let us know - notify us online or book an in-branch appointment
Understand impacts to accounts
Make a claim for funeral expenses
Confirm your relationship to the estate
Release funds and close accounts
If you’ve notified us online previously and have your reference number, you can upload additional documents online. Manage existing notification
If you’ve notified us online previously and have your reference number, you can upload additional documents online.
Manage existing notification

## What you need to do

## 1. Let us know
Contact us as soon as you can. The easiest and quickest way to let us know is to notify us online. You can also upload any estate documents that might be required.
If you would prefer to let us know another way:
Book an appointment at your nearest branch (and bring original or certified copies of any relevant documents you already have on-hand e.g. Death Certificate, Will, as well as your digital device e.g. smartphone or tablet, for assistance with a digital notification)
Call our Estate Settlement Services team on 1800 686 153 Mon – Fri, 8.30am – 6:30pm (Sydney/ Melbourne time) or +61 2 8629 0143 if you're calling from overseas – select option 1 for new cases or option 2 for existing cases
Notify us and other organisations at the same time via the Government's Australian Death Notification Service -a Death Certificate must have been issued to use this service
Complete the Deceased Customer Notification form and post it to our Estate Settlement Services team
If you’ve engaged a solicitor to support settlement of the estate, ask them to provide us with a letter of representation, stating that they act for the estate. Solicitors are able to submit the death notification and letter of representation directly with us online.
Choose whichever way you're most comfortable with. We'll always handle your situation with care and sensitivity, whether that's in person, online or over the phone.
After notifying us, we will send a letter within 14 business days outlining immediate next steps.

## 2. Understand impacts to accounts
We’ll act to keep your loved one’s accounts safe and prevent unauthorised access. It’s also important to consider any financial or other impacts this may cause you or others. We can help you identify and manage these impacts.
Accounts – Accounts and cards belonging solely to the deceased are stopped to prevent further transactions, including existing recurring payments and direct debits (e.g. utility bills). Direct credits can still be received until the account is closed
Credit Cards – Any credit cards where the deceased was the primary cardholder will be cancelled, including cards for any additional cardholders (interest and fees on credit cards will stop)
Personal and Home Loans – We’ll stop all access and activity related to personal loans and home loans, and we may also place stops on any available redraw
Joint accounts – Surviving joint account holders will continue to have access to their accounts (and can request an update to the account title at any time)
Third Party Authority – We will prevent all access held by an Attorney, Financial Manager or other third party
Online access – NetBank and other account accesses for the deceased will be cancelled
See the 'What happens to the accounts?' section for more details and further information on how we treat these and other accounts and cards belonging to the deceased.

## 3. Make a claim for funeral expenses
We can release funds to pay or reimburse immediate funeral expenses when a request is received from the person who paid for the funeral or to whom the invoice is addressed. The person requesting must be identified, and provide either a:
i.     tax invoice (if you’re yet to pay for the funeral), or;
ii.    tax receipt (if already paid).
Payment or reimbursement can be processed in-branch, or you can send us an Authority to Release Assets Form (PDF) , along with other required documents.
Alternatively, the Authorised Estate Representative(s) can request payment or reimbursement of funeral expenses, as well as request payment of other unpaid bills or expenses relating to the estate (strata fees, council rates, electricity, gas, water, home, contents and car insurance). See further information under Claim for non-funeral estate expenses .

## 4. Confirm your relationship to the estate
We can only share account information with an Authorised Estate Representative who has met our Identification Requirements (see 'Additional information' section).
Our Support Guide (PDF) provides the list of documents required to confirm that you and/or others are the Authorised Estate Representative(s).
Alternatively, we can provide account information to a solicitor once they have provided a letter of representation stating that they act for the estate.
Once confirmed, we’ll send an asset letter within 14 business days with details of accounts and balances. However, you don’t need to wait to receive this letter if you’re ready to finalise the estate – you can instead continue on to Step 5. If you’re unable to provide the required documents as outlined in the Support Guide (PDF) , please contact us.

## 5. Release funds and close accounts
To finalise the estate (release funds and close accounts), we need authority and payment instructions from the Authorised Estate Representative(s), who have also met our Identification Requirements.
Our Support Guide (PDF) provides the list of documents required to finalise the estate.
You’ll need to obtain a Grant of Probate or Letters of Administration (see the ‘Additional information’ section) if the value of an estate (balance of solely held accounts with us) is more than $100,000 , or we have asked you to obtain it.
Once everything is finalised, we’ll send a letter within 14 business days confirming the release of funds and account closures.

## Additional information

## What is a Deceased Estate?
A Deceased Estate includes everything a person owned and owed at the time of their death — their assets and liabilities. This can include:
Bank accounts, loans and credit cards
Personal belongings like household items and jewellery
The estate is managed by an Executor (if there’s a Will) or an Administrator (if there isn’t). Their role is to:
Manage the estate, which may include assets and liabilities the estate had, and determining if there are sufficient funds for any debts to be paid
Distribute what remains to beneficiaries or heirs, based on the Will or, if there’s no Will, according to the laws of the state or territory where the assets are held

## What is Probate?
Probate is a legal process that confirms a deceased person’s Will is valid. It gives the appointed Executor the authority to manage and distribute the estate according to the Will.
Depending on the situation, you may need to apply for either a Grant of Probate (if there is a Will) or Letters of Administration (if there isn’t). The application process can take anywhere from four weeks to six months, sometimes longer for complex or contested estates.
Providing documents We need to see certified copies of relevant estate documents (e.g. Will, Death Certificate, Grant of Probate, Letters of Administration), You can upload these when you notify us online . If you have a reference number and a mobile number, you can upload any additional documents online. Alternatively, these can be provided in branch (branch staff can certify originals for you) or you can send certified copies to: Processing Services Estate Settlement Services PO BOX 334 Silverwater NSW 2128 Australia Note: invoices and receipts don’t need to be certified. Please don’t send original documents via mail. Certified copies will do. Identification requirements Anyone can let us know a customer has passed away, but we can only provide account information to or act on requests from Authorised Estate Representative(s) who have been identified via one of the below methods: A CommBank current account number, if you’re a CommBank customer Acceptable identification documents in-branch A Certified Copies Identification form (PDF) , along with certified copies of ID documents sent by post Grant of Probate or Letters of Administration These are granted by the Supreme Court in the state or territory where the estate is held. In most cases, these documents will only be required when the value of an estate (balance of solely held accounts with us) is more than $100,000 or to discharge a solely held CommBank home loan. A Grant of Probate is a document issued by the Supreme Court that confirms the validity of a Will and authorises the executor(s) to act. Alternatively, Letters of Administration may be granted by the Supreme Court giving authority to an administrator to finalise the estate (typically granted when there isn’t a valid will). See below the process of obtaining in each state: ACT | NSW | NT | QLD | SA | TAS | VIC | WA Claim for non-funeral estate expenses Prior to settlement, we can release money from the deceased estate to pay for other costs like unpaid bills or expenses relating to the estate (strata fees, council rates, electricity, gas, water, home, contents and car insurance). Note: we’re unable to make payments via BPAY. To make a payment, we need to see relevant invoices or receipts. We also need a payment authority from all Authorised Estate Representatives who have met our Identification Requirements. To find out more, call our Estate Settlement Services team on 1800 686 153 Mon – Fri, 8:30am – 6.30pm (Sydney/Melbourne time) or +61 2 8629 0143 if you're calling from overseas – select option 1 for new cases, or option 2 for existing cases. Claim for business expenses We can release money to cover business expenses when we receive a request from either: The Authorised Estate Representative(s) A single director (for companies where there are up to two directors), or at least two directors (for companies where there are three or more directors) The chairman, secretary or treasurer A trustee A single director for the trustee (for trusts where there are up to two directors), or at least two directors for the trustee (for trusts where there are three or more directors) Estate of the Late account We can also help you organise an ‘Estate of the Late’ account at your nearest branch. It works as a transaction account allowing the executor/s to access money more easily from the estate, and to deposit any cheques made out to ‘Estate of the Late’. An executor/s will need to provide the last Will & Testament, a Grant of Probate or Letters of Administration, as well as meet our Identification Requirements, to open this account. Please contact your local branch for any enquiries about new or existing 'Estate of the Late' accounts.

## Providing documents
We need to see certified copies of relevant estate documents (e.g. Will, Death Certificate, Grant of Probate, Letters of Administration), You can upload these when you notify us online .
If you have a reference number and a mobile number, you can upload any additional documents online.
Alternatively, these can be provided in branch (branch staff can certify originals for you) or you can send certified copies to: Processing Services Estate Settlement Services PO BOX 334 Silverwater NSW 2128 Australia
Note: invoices and receipts don’t need to be certified. Please don’t send original documents via mail. Certified copies will do.
Identification requirements Anyone can let us know a customer has passed away, but we can only provide account information to or act on requests from Authorised Estate Representative(s) who have been identified via one of the below methods: A CommBank current account number, if you’re a CommBank customer Acceptable identification documents in-branch A Certified Copies Identification form (PDF) , along with certified copies of ID documents sent by post Grant of Probate or Letters of Administration These are granted by the Supreme Court in the state or territory where the estate is held. In most cases, these documents will only be required when the value of an estate (balance of solely held accounts with us) is more than $100,000 or to discharge a solely held CommBank home loan. A Grant of Probate is a document issued by the Supreme Court that confirms the validity of a Will and authorises the executor(s) to act. Alternatively, Letters of Administration may be granted by the Supreme Court giving authority to an administrator to finalise the estate (typically granted when there isn’t a valid will). See below the process of obtaining in each state: ACT | NSW | NT | QLD | SA | TAS | VIC | WA Claim for non-funeral estate expenses Prior to settlement, we can release money from the deceased estate to pay for other costs like unpaid bills or expenses relating to the estate (strata fees, council rates, electricity, gas, water, home, contents and car insurance). Note: we’re unable to make payments via BPAY. To make a payment, we need to see relevant invoices or receipts. We also need a payment authority from all Authorised Estate Representatives who have met our Identification Requirements. To find out more, call our Estate Settlement Services team on 1800 686 153 Mon – Fri, 8:30am – 6.30pm (Sydney/Melbourne time) or +61 2 8629 0143 if you're calling from overseas – select option 1 for new cases, or option 2 for existing cases. Claim for business expenses We can release money to cover business expenses when we receive a request from either: The Authorised Estate Representative(s) A single director (for companies where there are up to two directors), or at least two directors (for companies where there are three or more directors) The chairman, secretary or treasurer A trustee A single director for the trustee (for trusts where there are up to two directors), or at least two directors for the trustee (for trusts where there are three or more directors) Estate of the Late account We can also help you organise an ‘Estate of the Late’ account at your nearest branch. It works as a transaction account allowing the executor/s to access money more easily from the estate, and to deposit any cheques made out to ‘Estate of the Late’. An executor/s will need to provide the last Will & Testament, a Grant of Probate or Letters of Administration, as well as meet our Identification Requirements, to open this account. Please contact your local branch for any enquiries about new or existing 'Estate of the Late' accounts.

## Identification requirements
Anyone can let us know a customer has passed away, but we can only provide account information to or act on requests from Authorised Estate Representative(s) who have been identified via one of the below methods:
A CommBank current account number, if you’re a CommBank customer
Acceptable identification documents in-branch
A Certified Copies Identification form (PDF) , along with certified copies of ID documents sent by post
Grant of Probate or Letters of Administration These are granted by the Supreme Court in the state or territory where the estate is held. In most cases, these documents will only be required when the value of an estate (balance of solely held accounts with us) is more than $100,000 or to discharge a solely held CommBank home loan. A Grant of Probate is a document issued by the Supreme Court that confirms the validity of a Will and authorises the executor(s) to act. Alternatively, Letters of Administration may be granted by the Supreme Court giving authority to an administrator to finalise the estate (typically granted when there isn’t a valid will). See below the process of obtaining in each state: ACT | NSW | NT | QLD | SA | TAS | VIC | WA Claim for non-funeral estate expenses Prior to settlement, we can release money from the deceased estate to pay for other costs like unpaid bills or expenses relating to the estate (strata fees, council rates, electricity, gas, water, home, contents and car insurance). Note: we’re unable to make payments via BPAY. To make a payment, we need to see relevant invoices or receipts. We also need a payment authority from all Authorised Estate Representatives who have met our Identification Requirements. To find out more, call our Estate Settlement Services team on 1800 686 153 Mon – Fri, 8:30am – 6.30pm (Sydney/Melbourne time) or +61 2 8629 0143 if you're calling from overseas – select option 1 for new cases, or option 2 for existing cases. Claim for business expenses We can release money to cover business expenses when we receive a request from either: The Authorised Estate Representative(s) A single director (for companies where there are up to two directors), or at least two directors (for companies where there are three or more directors) The chairman, secretary or treasurer A trustee A single director for the trustee (for trusts where there are up to two directors), or at least two directors for the trustee (for trusts where there are three or more directors) Estate of the Late account We can also help you organise an ‘Estate of the Late’ account at your nearest branch. It works as a transaction account allowing the executor/s to access money more easily from the estate, and to deposit any cheques made out to ‘Estate of the Late’. An executor/s will need to provide the last Will & Testament, a Grant of Probate or Letters of Administration, as well as meet our Identification Requirements, to open this account. Please contact your local branch for any enquiries about new or existing 'Estate of the Late' accounts.

## Grant of Probate or Letters of Administration
These are granted by the Supreme Court in the state or territory where the estate is held.
In most cases, these documents will only be required when the value of an estate (balance of solely held accounts with us) is more than $100,000 or to discharge a solely held CommBank home loan.
A Grant of Probate is a document issued by the Supreme Court that confirms the validity of a Will and authorises the executor(s) to act.
Alternatively, Letters of Administration may be granted by the Supreme Court giving authority to an administrator to finalise the estate (typically granted when there isn’t a valid will).
See below the process of obtaining in each state: ACT | NSW | NT | QLD | SA | TAS | VIC | WA
Claim for non-funeral estate expenses Prior to settlement, we can release money from the deceased estate to pay for other costs like unpaid bills or expenses relating to the estate (strata fees, council rates, electricity, gas, water, home, contents and car insurance). Note: we’re unable to make payments via BPAY. To make a payment, we need to see relevant invoices or receipts. We also need a payment authority from all Authorised Estate Representatives who have met our Identification Requirements. To find out more, call our Estate Settlement Services team on 1800 686 153 Mon – Fri, 8:30am – 6.30pm (Sydney/Melbourne time) or +61 2 8629 0143 if you're calling from overseas – select option 1 for new cases, or option 2 for existing cases. Claim for business expenses We can release money to cover business expenses when we receive a request from either: The Authorised Estate Representative(s) A single director (for companies where there are up to two directors), or at least two directors (for companies where there are three or more directors) The chairman, secretary or treasurer A trustee A single director for the trustee (for trusts where there are up to two directors), or at least two directors for the trustee (for trusts where there are three or more directors) Estate of the Late account We can also help you organise an ‘Estate of the Late’ account at your nearest branch. It works as a transaction account allowing the executor/s to access money more easily from the estate, and to deposit any cheques made out to ‘Estate of the Late’. An executor/s will need to provide the last Will & Testament, a Grant of Probate or Letters of Administration, as well as meet our Identification Requirements, to open this account. Please contact your local branch for any enquiries about new or existing 'Estate of the Late' accounts.

## Claim for non-funeral estate expenses
Prior to settlement, we can release money from the deceased estate to pay for other costs like unpaid bills or expenses relating to the estate (strata fees, council rates, electricity, gas, water, home, contents and car insurance). Note: we’re unable to make payments via BPAY.
To make a payment, we need to see relevant invoices or receipts. We also need a payment authority from all Authorised Estate Representatives who have met our Identification Requirements.
To find out more, call our Estate Settlement Services team on 1800 686 153 Mon – Fri, 8:30am – 6.30pm (Sydney/Melbourne time) or +61 2 8629 0143 if you're calling from overseas – select option 1 for new cases, or option 2 for existing cases.
Claim for business expenses We can release money to cover business expenses when we receive a request from either: The Authorised Estate Representative(s) A single director (for companies where there are up to two directors), or at least two directors (for companies where there are three or more directors) The chairman, secretary or treasurer A trustee A single director for the trustee (for trusts where there are up to two directors), or at least two directors for the trustee (for trusts where there are three or more directors) Estate of the Late account We can also help you organise an ‘Estate of the Late’ account at your nearest branch. It works as a transaction account allowing the executor/s to access money more easily from the estate, and to deposit any cheques made out to ‘Estate of the Late’. An executor/s will need to provide the last Will & Testament, a Grant of Probate or Letters of Administration, as well as meet our Identification Requirements, to open this account. Please contact your local branch for any enquiries about new or existing 'Estate of the Late' accounts.

## Claim for business expenses
We can release money to cover business expenses when we receive a request from either:
The Authorised Estate Representative(s)
A single director (for companies where there are up to two directors), or at least two directors (for companies where there are three or more directors)
The chairman, secretary or treasurer
A single director for the trustee (for trusts where there are up to two directors), or at least two directors for the trustee (for trusts where there are three or more directors)
Estate of the Late account We can also help you organise an ‘Estate of the Late’ account at your nearest branch. It works as a transaction account allowing the executor/s to access money more easily from the estate, and to deposit any cheques made out to ‘Estate of the Late’. An executor/s will need to provide the last Will & Testament, a Grant of Probate or Letters of Administration, as well as meet our Identification Requirements, to open this account. Please contact your local branch for any enquiries about new or existing 'Estate of the Late' accounts.

## Estate of the Late account
We can also help you organise an ‘Estate of the Late’ account at your nearest branch. It works as a transaction account allowing the executor/s to access money more easily from the estate, and to deposit any cheques made out to ‘Estate of the Late’.
An executor/s will need to provide the last Will & Testament, a Grant of Probate or Letters of Administration, as well as meet our Identification Requirements, to open this account.
Please contact your local branch for any enquiries about new or existing 'Estate of the Late' accounts.

## Forms to complete
We’ll typically require the below form to release funds and close accounts:
Authority to Release Assets
Depending on your circumstances, we may also ask you to complete the below forms. We’ll let you know which forms you need to complete:
Deceased Customer Notification
Consent to Release Assets
Discharge Authority Form
Certified Copies Identification Form

## What happens to the accounts?

## Bank accounts
To prevent any unauthorised access, we’ll put a stop on your loved one’s accounts. This will mean that any regular payment for things such as home and car insurance payments, savings account transfers, etc. from their accounts will be stopped and you may need to make other arrangements. Such arrangements may include organising the direct debits to come out of an alternative account..
Debit cards belonging solely to the deceased will be cancelled. Once this happens, none of these cards will work. However, transactions authorised prior to notifying us and some regular payments linked to the debit card may still be processed if a service provider doesn't request authorisation from the Bank before processing a payment.
It’s important to check the account and cancel any regular payments linked to the debit card. To do this, you’ll need to contact the service provider(s) directly. We can give the Authorised Estate Representative/s a list of the regular payments on your loved one’s debit card as well as copies of past statements. We encourage you to check these statements for any regular payments that may have been set up.
Your loved one’s accounts can still receive direct credits until they’re closed – but you won’t be able to transfer money from these accounts. To deposit a cheque in your loved one’s name, you’ll need to visit your local branch or post office.
All access held by an Attorney, Financial Manager or other third party, including card and NetBank access, will also be removed. Once the estate is finalised, the accounts will be closed.
Joint bank accounts continue as normal, including if you’re now the only signatory on an account where the method of operation was ‘both to sign’.
No change is required unless you’d prefer the account be amended so it’s only in the surviving account holder’s name (bear in mind you’ll continue to get correspondence addressed to your loved one if you choose not to amend it).

## Credit Cards
We’ll cancel any credit cards where the deceased person was the primary cardholder. This means all their existing credit cards will stop working.  However, some regular payments may still be processed on a cancelled account if a service provider doesn't request authorisation from the Bank before processing a payment.
It's important to check the credit card account and cancel any regular payments. To do this, you’ll need to contact the service provider(s) directly.
We can give the Authorised Estate Representative/s a list of the regular payments on your loved one’s credit card accounts, as well as copies of past statements. We encourage you to check these statements for any regular payments that may have been set up.
If you’re an additional cardholder on a deceased person’s credit card account, your credit card will also be cancelled and you’ll need to apply for a card in your own name. We can help you with this, either in-branch or over the phone. If this could cause financial difficulties for you, contact our Financial Assist team on 1300 720 814 who may be able to help.
If your loved one held an Awards credit card, they may have award points that can be redeemed. If you’re an executor, administrator, beneficiary, additional cardholder, spouse or immediate family, you can claim or use these points within six months of the date that your loved one passed away, by contacting the Awards Contact Centre 13 16 61 , 8am to 8pm, (Sydney / Melbourne time) Monday to Friday.

## Home Loans and Personal Loans
All access and activity related to these accounts will be stopped. Interest continues while the estate is settled. We recommend you seek legal guidance before you consider making any voluntary repayments throughout this period.
We may also place stops on any available redraw until we’ve completed a financial assessment. Please contact our Financial Assist Deceased Estates team on 1300 720 814 for any questions on available redraw.
Unless you’re planning to sell the home or pay off the loan using super or insurance, we may be able to transfer the Certificate of Title to the surviving loan holder(s). The loan will stay in joint names until the estate is finalised, either from the sale of the property, or the refinance of the loan into the surviving borrower’s name.
We can help you with this. Our Financial Assist Deceased Estates team will proactively contact you. You can call them on 1300 720 814 if you’d prefer. This team can also help you if, as a joint loan account holder, you’re finding it difficult to keep up with the home loan repayments on your own.
If you’re the joint account holder, you’ll need to continue to make loan repayments. Unless you’d prefer the loan to be changed so it’s only in your name, there’s nothing more you need to do (bear in mind you’ll continue to get documents addressed to your loved one as a result).

## Term Deposits
For Term Deposits held only in your loved one’s name, we can release money before the Term Deposit maturity date as part of the estate settlement. All fees and charges for early withdrawal will be waived, and interest accrued up until account closure will be paid.
The Authorised Estate Representative can provide instructions to renew a Term Deposit in the holding facility or prior to maturity.
If the deceased customer’s instructions were to close the Term Deposit at maturity, the Authorised Estate Representative can provide instructions prior to the maturity date (not on the maturity date) to renew the Term Deposit for a new term. For more information, please see the Term Deposit T&Cs .

## Safe Custody (packets, boxes and vaults)
If your loved one had a safe custody facility, we can organise for the Authorised Estate Representative/s to retrieve their Will or other important documents from the safe custody facility on your request.
Any joint safe custody packets, boxes or vaults in the deceased person’s name can continue as is. Let us know if you’d like to change the name to the surviving account holder – if you choose not to, any correspondence from us will still be addressed to the deceased person.
If you decide to put the safe custody facility in the surviving facility-holder’s name, we’ll need to close it, then open a new one in the new holder’s name.

## Superannuation
If your loved one has an Essential Super account provided by Colonial First State 1 , please contact Colonial First State on 13 40 74 Mon – Fri, 8:30am – 6pm (Sydney / Melbourne time).
Upon notification, CFS will stop any premiums for insurance held in your loved one’s super account. Once CFS have reviewed the claim, they will also refund any premiums charged after the date of their passing.
Superannuation Savings Account
If your loved one has a Superannuation Savings 2 account, please inform us and we will inform Resolution Life Services Australia (RLA) to reach out with next steps. Alternatively, please contact RLA on 133 731 Mon – Fri, 9am – 5pm (Sydney / Melbourne time) for assistance.
Upon notification, RLA will stop charging the administration fee and any insurance premiums. RLA will also refund any fees and premiums charged for periods after your loved one's passing.

## Life Insurance

## Health Insurance
If your loved one had AIA Health 4 policy, it will remain in place, unless you choose to cancel it. This means you’ll need to continue paying the premiums.
To cancel the policy you can contact AIA on 1800 943 010 Mon - Fri, 9am - 6pm (Sydney/Melbourne time).

## General Insurance

## Pet Insurance
If your loved one had pet insurance provided by PetSure 6 , it will remain in place, unless you choose to cancel it. This means you’ll need to continue paying the premiums.
To cancel insurance or change the policy owner details, please call 1300 913 575 , Monday - Friday, 8am – 8pm (AEST).

## Business accounts and facilities
Business accounts, loans or facilities (including merchant terminals) may be stopped to prevent further transactions, like periodic payments or direct debit authorities. This also means that any cheques made out to this stopped account will be returned unpaid.
Let us know immediately if you need us to keep making crucial business payments e.g. wages or bills. You’ll need to confirm this in writing signed by either:
The executor or next of kin
A single director (for companies where there are up to two directors), or at least two directors (for companies where there are three or more directors)
The chairman, secretary or treasurer
A single director for the trustee (for trusts where there are up to two directors), or at least two directors for the trustee (for trusts where there are three or more directors)
You can send us invoices and bills that the business needs to pay. We’ll assess each request and let you know the outcome.
Processing Services Estate Settlement & Services PO BOX 334 Silverwater NSW 2128 Australia
Take them into your nearest branch .
As a security measure, we’ll stop any debit and credit cards linked to the deceased’s business accounts - no one will be able to use these cards. Some regular payments will stop, but others may continue. We can give the Authorised Estate Representative a list of the regular payments on the deceased’s accounts.
Joint business accounts
If the deceased had a joint business account with someone else, we’ll need to close it and open a new one in the name of the new business owner(s). If they don’t already bank with us, they’ll need to complete an ID check in-branch. Here’s a list of documents to take to the nearest CommBank branch.
The deceased’s business Relationship Manager can also help.
If you’re having difficulty keeping up with the repayments on any joint business loans, call us on 13 26 07 and we’ll work with you to develop a solution to meet your needs.

## Other account types
If your loved one held accounts with other Commonwealth Bank Group teams or affiliates, please let them know as each has its own estate settlement process CommSec: 13 15 19 or +61 2 9115 1417 (from overseas) - these FAQs may help Essential Super: 13 40 74 Colonial First State: 13 13 36 Commonwealth Private Banking & Commonwealth Private Wealth: 1300 362 081 or contact their Private Banker or Investment Director directly. Bankwest: 13 17 19 Unloan: Unloan Deceased Estates
If your loved one held accounts with other Commonwealth Bank Group teams or affiliates, please let them know as each has its own estate settlement process
CommSec: 13 15 19 or +61 2 9115 1417 (from overseas) - these FAQs may help
Essential Super: 13 40 74
Colonial First State: 13 13 36
Commonwealth Private Banking & Commonwealth Private Wealth: 1300 362 081 or contact their Private Banker or Investment Director directly.
Unloan: Unloan Deceased Estates

## Adjusting to life after losing someone
It’s likely your financial situation will change It takes time to get back on your feet when you lose a partner. If you’re feeling unsure or concerned about your finances, our Financial Assist Team can help you take practical steps towards financial security. If the estate is in financial difficulty Unless you’re a joint account holder (or a Guarantor) you won’t be responsible for the debts owed by your loved one’s estate. If the estate is in financial hardship , explore the ways we can help. You may be interested in reading: Money decisions after your partner passes away Adjusting to life on a single income Coping with a financial shock How to build an emergency fund Customer Support Service CommBank’s Customer Support Service is a confidential and independent counselling service available 24/7 to support customers who are dealing with personal issues. Call 1300 360 793.

## It’s likely your financial situation will change
It takes time to get back on your feet when you lose a partner. If you’re feeling unsure or concerned about your finances, our Financial Assist Team can help you take practical steps towards financial security.

## If the estate is in financial difficulty
Unless you’re a joint account holder (or a Guarantor) you won’t be responsible for the debts owed by your loved one’s estate.
If the estate is in financial hardship , explore the ways we can help.
You may be interested in reading: Money decisions after your partner passes away Adjusting to life on a single income Coping with a financial shock How to build an emergency fund Customer Support Service CommBank’s Customer Support Service is a confidential and independent counselling service available 24/7 to support customers who are dealing with personal issues. Call 1300 360 793.

## You may be interested in reading:
Money decisions after your partner passes away
Adjusting to life on a single income
Coping with a financial shock
How to build an emergency fund
Customer Support Service CommBank’s Customer Support Service is a confidential and independent counselling service available 24/7 to support customers who are dealing with personal issues. Call 1300 360 793.

## Customer Support Service
CommBank’s Customer Support Service is a confidential and independent counselling service available 24/7 to support customers who are dealing with personal issues. Call 1300 360 793.

## Other organisations can help
In an emergency, please call 000 or contact Lifeline on 13 11 14 . Australian Centre for Grief and Bereavement (ACGB) A not-for-profit organisation established to provide a range of education, counselling, research and clinical services for those working in and affected by experiences of grief and bereavement. Australian Taxation Office (ATO) The ATO outlines the tax responsibilities associated with deceased estates . If you’re the executor of a deceased estate, you may need to lodge a final tax return on behalf of the deceased person. Birth, deaths and marriages registry This registry is run by your state or territory government and provides death certificates. Centrelink Centrelink is an organisation provided by the Federal Government and can provide insight into areas such as where to obtain a death certificate and organising a funeral. The Law Society of New South Wales Law Institute of Victoria The Law Society of South Australia The Law Society of Western Australia The Law Society Northern Territory The Queensland Law Society The Law Society of Tasmania
In an emergency, please call 000 or contact Lifeline on 13 11 14 .
Australian Centre for Grief and Bereavement (ACGB) A not-for-profit organisation established to provide a range of education, counselling, research and clinical services for those working in and affected by experiences of grief and bereavement.
Australian Taxation Office (ATO) The ATO outlines the tax responsibilities associated with deceased estates . If you’re the executor of a deceased estate, you may need to lodge a final tax return on behalf of the deceased person.
Birth, deaths and marriages registry This registry is run by your state or territory government and provides death certificates.
Centrelink Centrelink is an organisation provided by the Federal Government and can provide insight into areas such as where to obtain a death certificate and organising a funeral.
The Law Society of New South Wales Law Institute of Victoria The Law Society of South Australia The Law Society of Western Australia The Law Society Northern Territory The Queensland Law Society The Law Society of Tasmania
The Law Society of New South Wales
Law Institute of Victoria
The Law Society of South Australia
The Law Society of Western Australia
The Law Society Northern Territory
The Queensland Law Society
The Law Society of Tasmania

## Glossary

## Administrator
Person/s appointed by the court to manage a deceased person’s Estate when there’s no Will.

## Authorised Estate Representative
Person/s we are able to share the deceased customers’ account details and information with, and who can provide payment or account closure instructions to us. Depending on the circumstances, they might be administrator/s, executor/s, or the immediate next-of-kin.

## Beneficiary
Someone who receives or shares in the proceeds from a deceased person’s Estate.

## Certified copy
A copy of an original document, signed by a Justice of the Peace or other person who has legal authority, to say that it is a true copy of the original document.

## Death certificate
An official document issued by the Registry of Births, Deaths and Marriages containing the information registered when someone passes away. It includes the date, place and cause of death.

## Deceased estate
Property and assets of someone who has passed away.

## ‘Estate of the Late’ Account
A new account set up and managed by the deceased person's executor, after the person has passed away. The executor can deposit the deceased person's money, such as tax refunds or insurance proceeds, into this account. They can then disburse this money to the beneficiaries of the estate.

## Executor
Person/s named in a Will who takes charge of the deceased’s assets and property. This includes ensuring all expenses (funeral costs, debts or any outstanding invoices) are paid. The Executor also distributes the remaining assets to the beneficiaries in accordance with the Will.

## Grant of Probate
A document issued by the Supreme Court that confirms the validity of a Will and authorises the executor/s to act.

## Intestate
When someone has passed away without leaving a valid Will.

## Letters of Administration
Letters of Administration are documents granted by the Supreme Court, giving authority to an administrator to collect and distribute the assets of the Estate, in the absence of a valid Will.

## Next-of-Kin
The closest living relative of the deceased

## Power of Attorney
A formal document where a person, known as the principal or donor, gives the legal authority to someone to look after their financial affairs. This authority ceases upon the death of the principal/ donor.

## Tax invoice
A tax invoice is an original invoice for payment. The invoice must include the words ‘tax invoice’ stated prominently, the name and ABN of the supplier, the date of issue, a brief description of the service provided, and the total price invoiced (including GST). A tax invoice is a request for payment, rather than a tax receipt which has been paid (see below).

## Tax receipt
A tax receipt must include the same information listed under tax invoice above, and be presented in the form of a receipt or as an invoice which has been stamped and dated as ‘Paid’.

## Will
A legal document which specifies how someone wishes their Estate to be distributed after their passing.

## We’re here to help
Book an in-branch appointment
Book an in-branch appointment
Call 1800 686 153 Mon – Fri, 8:30am – 6:30pm 
(Sydney/ Melbourne time)

## Call 1800 686 153
Mon – Fri, 8:30am – 6:30pm 
(Sydney/ Melbourne time)
Message us Get instant help from our virtual assistant or connect to a specialist.

## Message us
Get instant help from our virtual assistant or connect to a specialist.

## Things you should know
¹ Avanteos Investments Limited ABN 20 096 259 979, AFSL 245531 (referred to as Colonial First State or CFS) is the Trustee of Essential Super ABN 56 601 925 435 and the issuer of interests in Essential Super. Essential Super is distributed by the Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124, AFSL 234945 (the Bank). The CFS Group consists of Superannuation and Investments HoldCo Pty Limited ABN 64 644 660 882 (HoldCo) and its subsidiaries, which includes CFS. The Bank holds an interest in the CFS Group through its significant minority interest in HoldCo. None of the Bank, HoldCo, CFS, nor any of their respective subsidiaries guarantee the performance of Essential Super or the repayment of capital by Essential Super. An investment in this product is subject to risk, loss of income and capital invested. An investment in Essential Super is via a superannuation trust and is therefore not an investment in, deposit with or other liability of the Bank or its subsidiaries. 2 Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124, AFSL No. 234945 (Commonwealth Bank) is the issuer of Superannuation Savings Account. Superannuation Savings Account is capital guaranteed by Commonwealth Bank. Resolution Life Services Australia Pty Ltd ABN 49 631 346 391 (Resolution Life), on behalf of Commonwealth Bank, is the administrator of the Superannuation Savings Account. AIA Australia Limited (AIAA) ABN 79 004 837 861, AFSL No. 230043 provides insurance benefits available through the Superannuation Savings Account under a group policy held by the Commonwealth Bank. Resolution Life and AIAA are not part of the Commonwealth Bank Group. 3 Priority Protection provided by AIA Australia (Life Cover, Total and Permanent Disablement, Crisis Recovery and Income Protection), Life Insurance products provided by AIA Australia (Life Insurance) and Income Protection products provided by AIA Australia (Income Protection) as described on this website, are provided and issued by AIA Australia Limited ABN 79 004 837 861, AFSL 230043 (AIA Australia) and distributed by the Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124, AFSL 234945 (CBA). AIA Australia is not part of the CBA Group. CBA and its related entities do not sell, issue or guarantee the obligations or performance of AIA Australia or the products it offers, and these insurance products do not represent a deposit with or liability of either CBA or any of its related bodies corporate. 4 Health insurance products described on this website are issued by AIA Health Insurance Pty Ltd (ABN 32 611 323 034) (AIA Health) and are distributed by AIA Financial Services Limited (ABN 68 008 540 252) (AIA Financial Services), a wholly owned subsidiary of AIA Australia Limited (ABN 79 004 837 861) (AIA Australia). Commonwealth Bank of Australia (ABN 48 123 123 124) (CBA) has been authorised by AIA Financial Services to promote health insurance products issued by AIA Health to its customers. AIA Health, AIA Financial Services and AIA Australia are not part of the CBA Group and CBA does not guarantee and is not responsible for the performance of the health insurance products issue by AIA Health or the obligations of AIA Health, AIA Financial Services or AIA Australia. 5 General Insurance such as Home Insurance, Landlord Insurance and Car Insurance are provided by Hollard Insurance Partners Limited ABN 96 067 524 216, AFSL 235030 (Hollard) and distributed by the Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124, AFSL 234945 (CBA). Hollard is the insurer of these general insurance products. Hollard is not part of the CBA Group. CBA does not guarantee the obligations or performance of Hollard or the products Hollard offers. Neither CBA, nor any of its related bodies corporate accepts liability or guarantees payment of any claim or benefit in respect of these general insurance products issued by Hollard. 6 Pet Insurance is provided and issued by PetSure (Australia) Pty Ltd ABN 95 075 949 923, AFSL 420183 (PetSure) and promoted and distributed by the Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124, AFSL 234945 (CBA). PetSure is not part of the CBA Group. CBA and its related entities do not sell, issue or guarantee the obligations or performance of PetSure or the products PetSure offers and this insurance product does not represent a deposit with or liability of either CBA or any of its related bodies corporate.
¹ Avanteos Investments Limited ABN 20 096 259 979, AFSL 245531 (referred to as Colonial First State or CFS) is the Trustee of Essential Super ABN 56 601 925 435 and the issuer of interests in Essential Super. Essential Super is distributed by the Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124, AFSL 234945 (the Bank). The CFS Group consists of Superannuation and Investments HoldCo Pty Limited ABN 64 644 660 882 (HoldCo) and its subsidiaries, which includes CFS. The Bank holds an interest in the CFS Group through its significant minority interest in HoldCo.
None of the Bank, HoldCo, CFS, nor any of their respective subsidiaries guarantee the performance of Essential Super or the repayment of capital by Essential Super. An investment in this product is subject to risk, loss of income and capital invested. An investment in Essential Super is via a superannuation trust and is therefore not an investment in, deposit with or other liability of the Bank or its subsidiaries.
2 Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124, AFSL No. 234945 (Commonwealth Bank) is the issuer of Superannuation Savings Account. Superannuation Savings Account is capital guaranteed by Commonwealth Bank.
Resolution Life Services Australia Pty Ltd ABN 49 631 346 391 (Resolution Life), on behalf of Commonwealth Bank, is the administrator of the Superannuation Savings Account. AIA Australia Limited (AIAA) ABN 79 004 837 861, AFSL No. 230043 provides insurance benefits available through the Superannuation Savings Account under a group policy held by the Commonwealth Bank. Resolution Life and AIAA are not part of the Commonwealth Bank Group.
3 Priority Protection provided by AIA Australia (Life Cover, Total and Permanent Disablement, Crisis Recovery and Income Protection), Life Insurance products provided by AIA Australia (Life Insurance) and Income Protection products provided by AIA Australia (Income Protection) as described on this website, are provided and issued by AIA Australia Limited ABN 79 004 837 861, AFSL 230043 (AIA Australia) and distributed by the Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124, AFSL 234945 (CBA). AIA Australia is not part of the CBA Group. CBA and its related entities do not sell, issue or guarantee the obligations or performance of AIA Australia or the products it offers, and these insurance products do not represent a deposit with or liability of either CBA or any of its related bodies corporate.
4 Health insurance products described on this website are issued by AIA Health Insurance Pty Ltd (ABN 32 611 323 034) (AIA Health) and are distributed by AIA Financial Services Limited (ABN 68 008 540 252) (AIA Financial Services), a wholly owned subsidiary of AIA Australia Limited (ABN 79 004 837 861) (AIA Australia). Commonwealth Bank of Australia (ABN 48 123 123 124) (CBA) has been authorised by AIA Financial Services to promote health insurance products issued by AIA Health to its customers. AIA Health, AIA Financial Services and AIA Australia are not part of the CBA Group and CBA does not guarantee and is not responsible for the performance of the health insurance products issue by AIA Health or the obligations of AIA Health, AIA Financial Services or AIA Australia.
5 General Insurance such as Home Insurance, Landlord Insurance and Car Insurance are provided by Hollard Insurance Partners Limited ABN 96 067 524 216, AFSL 235030 (Hollard) and distributed by the Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124, AFSL 234945 (CBA). Hollard is the insurer of these general insurance products. Hollard is not part of the CBA Group. CBA does not guarantee the obligations or performance of Hollard or the products Hollard offers. Neither CBA, nor any of its related bodies corporate accepts liability or guarantees payment of any claim or benefit in respect of these general insurance products issued by Hollard.
6 Pet Insurance is provided and issued by PetSure (Australia) Pty Ltd ABN 95 075 949 923, AFSL 420183 (PetSure) and promoted and distributed by the Commonwealth Bank of Australia ABN 48 123 123 124, AFSL 234945 (CBA). PetSure is not part of the CBA Group. CBA and its related entities do not sell, issue or guarantee the obligations or performance of PetSure or the products PetSure offers and this insurance product does not represent a deposit with or liability of either CBA or any of its related bodies corporate.