2025

Annual Report

Commonwealth Bank of Australia

1

Contents
Overview
2025 highlights
About this report
Message from our Chair and CEO
Who we are
Our operating context
How we create value

2
4
6
8
10
12

Creating value for our stakeholders
Delivering on our strategic priorities
Delivering financial performance
Our approach to corporate governance
Managing our risks

16
26
34
58

Our approach to sustainability

Front cover
Our cover reflects our optimism
for Australia and commitment to
building a brighter future for all.
Each chapter of our report opens with
an Australian landscape or cityscape,
representing the communities we bank
across Australia and our commitment
to helping the nation prosper.

Listening to our stakeholders
Our materiality assessment
Our material themes
Social and governance performance metrics

70
72
73
94

Climate disclosures
Message from our Chair and CEO
Supporting Australia’s energy transition
Strategy
Governance
Risk
Metrics and targets

102
104
108
135
141
160

Directors’ report
Directors’ report
Remuneration report
Auditor’s independence declaration

Building a brighter future for all
We remain committed to helping the nation prosper and
to improving living standards for all Australians. We have
continued to support our customers and communities
through changing economic conditions, while keeping
the Bank safe and strong.
As we look forward, we have refreshed our strategy
to focus on supporting Australia’s economic growth
– remaining at the centre of our customers’ financial
lives, helping them access housing, grow and protect
their wealth, and start, run and grow their business.
Our purpose continues to inspire us to deliver
for our customers and the nation.

176
182
220

Financial report
Financial statements
Notes to the financial statements
Consolidated entity disclosure statement
Directors’ declaration
Independent auditor’s report

222
229
365
368
369

Additional information
The release of this announcement
was authorised by the Board.
Commonwealth Bank of Australia
Commonwealth Bank Place South,
Level 1, 11 Harbour Street,
Sydney NSW 2000 | ACN 123 123 124
13 August 2025 114/2025

Security holder information
Five-year financial summary
Profit reconciliation
Climate disclosures appendix
Independent assurance report
Glossary
Important notices
Contact us

378
385
388
389
430
438
452
453

Acknowledgment of Country
Commonwealth Bank of Australia respectfully acknowledges the Traditional Owners of the Lands
across Australia as the continuing custodians of Country and Culture. We pay our respects to First
Nations peoples and their Elders, past and present.
Our registered office is located on the Lands of the Gadigal People.

2

3

Our people

Communities

Investors

18m+

55,000+

175

800,000+

customers

employees

organisations supported

shareholders

#1

85%

64.9

245%

Net Promoter Score®
(NPS) Consumer,
Business and Digital

People engagement
index (May 2025)

RepTrak
reputation score

10-year Total
shareholder
return (TSR)

OVERVIEW

Customers

Financial highlights

$10,252m

Statutory net profit
after tax (NPAT)

Cash NPAT
4% on FY24

7% on FY24

2.08%

Operating income

Net interest margin
9bpts on FY24

$4.85

Capital ratio

Dividend per share,
fully franked

CET1 (APRA, Level 2)

45.1%

$4m

13m+

homes bought
by customers

women in Executive
Manager and above roles

in grants through
CommBank Foundation

Australians benefit from
CBA returns through
superannuation

$42bn

39.0%

$10bn+

$160bn+

lent to businesses
to help them grow

cultural representation
in leadership

additional funding
towards our sustainability
funding target

international funding
held, which benefits
Australian households

Flat on FY24

Our direct impact by distributing our income
Group cash NPAT 1 by business unit

Retail Banking Services

Institutional Banking and Markets

$4,092m

$1,198m

Business Banking

New Zealand (predominately ASB)

$5bn+

$8bn

interest paid to savers,
$930bn+ safeguarded
in customer deposits

paid in salaries and
superannuation

paid to suppliers
to enable us to serve
our customers

paid in dividends
and share buy-backs
to shareholders

$900m+

$36m

$5bn+

$14bn

invested to help protect
against fraud, scams, cyber
threats and financial crime

invested in upskilling
our people with training
and development

total taxes paid

interest paid to
domestic and offshore
debt investors

For more information on how we create value, see pages 12–13.

1 Group Cash NPAT includes net loss after tax from the Group Corporate Centre, not shown in the business unit contribution.

Financials are presented on a continuing operations basis, except the Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital ratio which includes discontinued operations.
Cash NPAT represents net profit after tax and non-controlling interests before non-cash items including hedging and IFRS volatility, and gains or losses
on acquisitions, disposal, closure, capital repatriation and demerger of controlled businesses. This is management's preferred measure of the Group's financial
performance. All figures relate to the full year ended 30 June 2025 and comparisons are to the year ended 30 June 2024. For data sources and definitions,
see Glossary on pages 438–451.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

$1,224m

$8bn

FINANCIAL REPORT

$5,395m

$27bn

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

12.3%

140,000+

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

5% on FY24

Our broader impact bringing our purpose to life

SUSTAINABILITY

$28,465m

CREATING VALUE

$10,133m

4%

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

2025 highlights

Creating value for our stakeholders

4

5

Significant judgements

Sustainability-related information includes non-financial information and refers to environmental, social and governance
topics and themes that are important to our stakeholders and to CBA, as they have the potential to impact stakeholders
and CBA’s financial prospects in the short to medium term. While some topics are traditionally linked to sustainability,
others are included based on their perceived potential to materially impact our stakeholders and CBA’s financial prospects.
For significant judgements in relation to our financial statements see relevant Notes on pages 229–364 in the Financial report.
For important climate-related information on assumptions related to our climate disclosures, see pages 389–429 in the
Climate disclosures appendix.

Reporting boundary

Our reporting suite
We provide a range of disclosures to help stakeholders better understand our financial
and non-financial performance.

For our climate disclosures basis of preparation, reporting boundary and value chain information, see pages 390–391 and 106.
For general information and basis of accounting information related to financial statements, see Note 1.1 on pages 229–230 in the Financial report.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Entities and stakeholders considered in our reporting boundary

Our financial reporting boundary
Commonwealth Bank of Australia

Legal structure

Controlled entities (including ASB Bank Limited)

CBA Group
Operational
structure

Retail Banking Services

Business Banking

Institutional Banking & Markets

New Zealand

Support units

See our Corporate Governance Statement at commbank.com.au/corporategovernance

Our non-financial reporting boundary (impacts, risks, opportunities and outcomes)

Reading this report

Our material themes

Our strategic priorities
Our approach to governance

Our approach to sustainability

Customer experience, support
and community impact

•

Cyber security, privacy and
data management

•

Engaged and supported workforce

•

•

Governance, culture and
accountability

Digitisation, innovation and
artificial intelligence

•

Climate change

Climate disclosures

Key stakeholders in our value chain
Customers

|

Our people

|

Communities, industry groups and society

|

Investors

|

Government and regulators

|

Suppliers

This is an interactive PDF. The best way to view this report is with Adobe Reader. Click the links on the contents page,
side navigation or use the home button
in the footer to browse the report. Hyperlinks are used throughout this report,
denoted through underlined text.
Refers readers to further information within this report.

Refers readers to additional information online.

Refers readers to important climate-related information
within this report.

Refers readers to important climate-related
information online.

For important information on non-IFRS and forward-looking statements, see page 452.
For more information on our sustainability materiality assessment and our material themes, see pages 72–93.
For more information on our key stakeholders in our value chain, see pages 70–71.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Managing our risks

•

FINANCIAL REPORT

Access our full reporting suite online at commbank.com.au/investors

Our operating context

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Information included in this report relates to the Group. Financial information is consolidated and includes those entities over
which we have control. Non-financial information considers key stakeholders in our value chain predominantly in Australia,
unless stated otherwise. This report covers the period from 1 July 2024 to 30 June 2025 (this year), or the Group’s 2025
financial year (FY25). It also includes information about material subsequent events occurring after 30 June 2025 and before
the Board’s approval of the report on 13 August 2025. The presentation currency is Australian dollars (AUD) with amounts
disclosed rounded to the nearest billion dollars, unless otherwise stated.

SUSTAINABILITY

This year our climate disclosures are included in this report, not in a separate
Climate Report. Our climate disclosures focus on decision-useful information
regarding the Bank’s approach to climate-related risks and opportunities.
We will continue to evolve our climate disclosures in line with new mandatory
climate reporting requirements that will apply for future reporting periods.

CREATING VALUE

For more information on our materiality assessment, see pages 72–73.

OVERVIEW

Our Annual Report includes material information on the
strategic priorities, corporate governance and risk management
of the Commonwealth Bank of Australia (CBA) and its
subsidiaries (together the Group or the Bank), as well as our
financial and non-financial performance. The material themes
in this report are informed by our sustainability materiality
assessment detailed on pages 72 to 73. We continue to
evolve our reporting to align with changes in legislation,
market practice and feedback from our stakeholders.

Each year we conduct a qualitative sustainability materiality assessment to identify and disclose against the
sustainability-related topics most relevant to our stakeholders in our value chain and to the Bank. The assessment
considers sustainability-related impacts, risks and opportunities that have the potential to influence CBA’s ability to create
value over the short to medium term (1–5 years). This year’s assessment reviewed a range of sustainability topics, which
were prioritised using our 5x5 risk matrix and exercised significant judgement. The prioritised topics were then grouped
into overarching themes that informed the structure of this report. Theme selection involved significant judgement,
guided by the results of our materiality assessment.

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

About this report

6

MESSAGE FROM OUR CHAIR AND CEO

7
COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Meaningfully delivering
on our purpose

OVERVIEW

Our strategy considers diverse
sustainability-related impacts, helping
us address environmental, social, and
governance risks and opportunities.
We are making decisions today with
a focus on long-term outcomes, even
when they come at a short-term cost.

This year we extended our
commitment to regional Australia,
keeping all regional branches open until
at least mid-2027, and converted 15
Western Australian Bankwest branches
to be CBA-branded.

Our customers need banking to
become simpler, safer and better.
Improvements to our risk culture and
risk management, combined with
disciplined balance sheet and capital
management, are essential to support
the economy during crises and deliver
good shareholder outcomes.
Learn more about our strategic priorities
on pages 16–25.

Delivering for our
customers
Being the trusted financial partner
for Australian retail and business
customers remains key to our
strategy and long-term success.

During the year we have constructively
participated in national policy
discussions and advocated for changes
that support safe, secure and reliable
banking services.
To keep pace with technological
change, we invested $2.3 billion in
modernising our systems, migrating
data, and building world-class
engineering and AI capabilities.
With persistently high levels of fraud,
scams, cyber threats and financial
crime, we have invested over $900
million this year to help protect our
customers. We have also reduced
customer fraud and scam losses
by 76% since peak losses in late
2022. We continue to work with
other organisations and Government
to build national resilience against
these threats which continue to
impact too many customers.
Learn more about our approach to
sustainability on pages 68–99.

We continue to support customers
with a range of money management
tools and educational materials.
For customers facing financial
difficulty, we have initiated
more than 139,000 tailored
payment arrangements.

Supporting
a prosperous, resilient
and optimistic nation

To serve a broad range of customers we
are focused on delivering a better, safer
and more efficient banking experience.

A strong and resilient financial
system is required to support
a strong economy.

Maintaining strong capital and prudent
balance sheet settings enables us
to maintain necessary investment
to deliver resilient and safe banking
services, and support our customers
and the economy. We carefully consider
funding, credit and liquidity needs
and monitor non-financial risks
such as operational resilience,
compliance with laws and regulations,
and broader environmental and
social risks.
Australia needs a financial system
that works for all stakeholders and
inspires optimism about the future.
We continue to share customer
insights and other perspectives
to help inform policies that can
support a strong financial system
and economy.

Delivering sustainable
performance
Our financial results reflect our
customer focus and disciplined
execution of our strategic priorities.
Our strong financial position enables
us to continue supporting our
customers and deliver a sustainable
dividend. We have declared a
final dividend of $2.60 per share,
fully franked.
Learn more about our financial
performance on pages 26–33.

Outlook
We know many of our customers are still
cautious with global volatility creating
uncertainty. The Australian economy
has remained resilient with strong
fundamentals. Looking ahead, there are
many reasons to feel optimistic about
Australia’s future including modest
economic growth, a healthy labour
market and easing interest rates.
Our role is to support our customers
and the nation. We will stay focused on
investing in our business and executing
our strategy to bring our purpose to
life. We will continue to work with key
stakeholders to advocate for issues that
are in the national interest, and policy
settings that help sustainably support
services that Australians value.

Thank you
On behalf of the Board and Executive
Leadership Team, we would like to
thank our people for their care and
commitment to our customers, our
customers for trusting us with their
banking, and to you, our shareholders
for your continued support.

Paul O’Malley
Chair

Matt Comyn
Chief Executive Officer

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

We want to help build Australia’s
future economy by supporting
business growth and productivity.
Productivity is key to improving living
standards and its benefits need to
be shared fairly so all communities
can prosper. We are committed
to allocating capital intentionally,
ensuring banking services remain

Many Australians and Australian
businesses trust us with their
transaction banking and deposit
relationship. We want to deliver
experiences our customers value and
continually deepen our relationships
with them. Ongoing investment in
leading technology, artificial intelligence
(AI) and our people enables us to deliver
personalised banking at scale.

Financial services play a vital role in our
customers’ everyday lives. Disruptions
and outages in banking services prevent
customers from making payments or
running their businesses. We also play
an important role to support economic
growth by lending to businesses.

FINANCIAL REPORT

Learn more about our operating context
on pages 10–11.

However, we know there is much
more to do. Our operating context
has shifted, and we expect the
next decade to bring complex
geopolitical, reputational and
competitive challenges. To better
navigate the future, we have
refreshed our strategy to continue
positioning the Bank to deliver for
our customers, communities, the
nation and our shareholders.

We offer the largest branch and ATM
network, Australia-based call centres and
the nation’s most popular banking app.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Australia’s economy remains resilient
and relatively well positioned. Our
country is still an attractive place
to live, work and invest. We face
headwinds which highlight the need
for long-term economic reform
and call for a confident vision for
growth, fiscal responsibility with
future generations in mind, and
supply-side reform in areas like
housing and energy. Australia also
needs to maintain sovereignty of
nationally important industries,
including Australia’s financial system.
Governments and industries need to
work together to address challenging
domestic issues and deliver a stronger
future for Australia.

We have made progress in our strategy
to support customers through
changing economic conditions. This
year we lent $42 billion to businesses
to help them grow and assisted over
140,000 households in buying a home.
We have strengthened our focus on
customer experience and consistently
invested in leading technology
and data capabilities. Importantly,
we have continued to become a
safer organisation with greater risk
maturity, transparency and discipline.

accessible, and advocating for a strong
financial system and an economy
that works for all Australians.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Rising geopolitical tensions,
global economic challenges, and
technological changes are causing
many of our customers to feel financial
pressure and uncertainty about their
futures. Community concerns about
housing and energy affordability, as
well as intergenerational inequality,
continue to grow.

Refreshing our strategy

SUSTAINABILITY

As Australia’s leading retail and
business bank, we play an important
role in supporting our customers
and helping the nation prosper.
We are committed to improving
living standards for all Australians.
By remaining a strong, safe and
resilient bank, we can continue
lending to our customers through
economic cycles, investing for the
future, and delivering sustainable
returns for our shareholders.

CREATING VALUE

Our purpose, building a brighter future for all, reflects our
enduring commitment to Australia. It inspires us to be better for
our customers, people and communities, and shows our optimism
for the future. By maintaining our balance sheet strength and
executing our strategy we can deliver on our purpose.

8

9

Our operating context

Learn more about our operating context on
pages 10–11.

Our strategy

Building a brighter future for all

Inspired by our purpose, we are focused on building tomorrow’s bank
today for our customers, through our refreshed strategic pillars:

Our purpose is enduring and reflects
our ambition to continuously improve
living standards for all Australians, help
our customers achieve their life goals,
and be a safer and stronger bank.

▶ Helping build Australia’s future economy
▶ Reimagining customer experiences
▶ Delivering simpler, safer and better banking

Retail Banking Services: Provides simple and convenient banking products
and services to personal and private bank customers in Australia.

Our products and services are provided through
our businesses: Retail Banking Services, Business
Banking, Institutional Banking and Markets, and
our New Zealand subsidiary, ASB.

Business Banking: Serves the banking needs of Australian business,
corporate and agribusiness customers across a range of financial services.

Learn more about the performance of our business
on pages 26–33.

Learn more about our workforce on pages 80–83.

Competitive intensity

Financial risk

Business disruption
and technology

Privacy and data
management

Regulatory compliance

Cyber security

Fraud and scams

Financial crime compliance

Environmental and social

Artificial intelligence

Institutional Banking and Markets: Provides domestic and global financial and
banking services to large corporate, institutional and government customers.
ASB: Provides a range of banking and investment products and services
to personal, business, corporate and rural customers in New Zealand.

We are guided by our values in everything we do.

Our financially material themes
Our financially material themes, as identified in
our sustainability materiality assessment, reflect
the sustainability topics that matter most to
our key stakeholders and could impact CBA’s
financial prospects.

Engaged and
supported
workforce

Governance,
culture and
accountability

Cyber security, privacy
and data management

Digitisation,
innovation and AI

Customers

Our people

Investors

Communities, industry
groups and society

Government
and regulators

Suppliers

Learn more about our materiality assessment
on pages 72–73.

Our leadership principles help leaders understand what is required to lead
successfully to execute our strategy.
Obsess over customers

Lead as an owner

Be curious and humble

Create exceptional teams

Our stakeholders
Why CBA?

Leading franchise: We are Australia’s leading transaction and deposit
bank for both households and businesses.

We seek to build a brighter future for our
customers, our people, communities and the
broader economy. To do this consistently, and
attract the capital required, we need to deliver
sustainable shareholder returns.

Strong balance sheet and risk management: We maintain a resilient
balance sheet and conservative capital, liquidity and funding settings,
as well as sound provision coverage.

Learn more about how we create value on
pages 12–13 and our financial performance
on pages 26–33.

Sustainable returns to shareholders: We have consistently
delivered sector leading return on equity and a sustainable
fully-franked dividend.

Understanding our stakeholders’ needs and
expectations allows us to consider their different
views and deliver balanced stakeholder outcomes.
Key stakeholders are individuals and groups in our
value chain whose interests are materially affected
or could be affected by the Bank’s activities.
We aim to improve our trust and reputation by
putting customer needs first and making a broader
contribution to the community.
Learn more about our approach to stakeholder
engagement on pages 70–71.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Customer experience,
support and
community impact

FINANCIAL REPORT

Our Code of Conduct guides our people
to deliver on our purpose and strategy, by
setting expectations for how we act and make
decisions. The ‘Must We?’, ‘Can We?’, 'Should
We?’ questions help our people make the right
decisions to comply with legal and regulatory
obligations, as well as for our customers,
shareholders and other stakeholders.

Trust and reputation

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Our people and culture

Learn more about how we manage risk on
pages 58–67.

Heightened geopolitical risks

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Our businesses

We are exposed to financial, non-financial and
strategic risks through the products and services
we offer. These risks are managed through our
Risk Management Framework. Our material
risks are those which require extra focus, due to
their potential to materially impact the Bank, our
customers, shareholders and the community,
now and in the future.

Evolving technology

SUSTAINABILITY

Learn more about our strategy on pages 16–25.

Our material risks

Macroeconomic and
cost-of-living pressures

CREATING VALUE

Our purpose

Key external themes affecting our business:

OVERVIEW

We are Australia’s largest bank serving more than 18 million customers.
We provide retail and commercial banking services predominantly in
Australia and in New Zealand through our subsidiary, ASB.

We regularly review our external environment
to better understand and effectively respond
to risks and opportunities. This helps us test
whether our strategy continues to deliver for our
customers and provides sustainable outcomes
for shareholders and other stakeholders.

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Who we are

10

11
COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Our operating context

Maintaining our position as Australia’s leading bank requires a consistent focus on our customers – building
trusted relationships and continuing to invest in technology, data, and insights to deliver personalised and
value-added experiences.

Advances in AI, data analytics and digital infrastructure are transforming the banking landscape. These
technologies offer opportunities to enhance customer experience, streamline processes, and improve risk
management and operational efficiency. At the same time, they introduce new risks – including cyber security
threats, scams, privacy concerns and the use of AI.

During the year inflation continued to ease within the Reserve Bank of Australia’s (RBA) target range allowing
the RBA to start reducing official interest rates. While economic growth continues, rising public sector
expenditure and low levels of productivity growth highlight the growing need for long-term economic reform.

Rapidly adopting technology such as AI to modernise existing industries and build new industries is critical for
our economy. Careful consideration will be needed to incentivise productive investment, build sovereign capability
and retain economic benefits in Australia for all Australians.

We maintain a conservative balance sheet, with capital, funding, and credit settings carefully managed
to ensure resilience and ongoing support for our customers and the broader economy.

We continue to invest in modernising our technology platforms and strengthening cyber resilience to safeguard
operations and provide secure, reliable services. We are committed to managing technology risks and engaging
regulators to support safer and responsible innovation. Ongoing investment in technology, data, and our
people is essential to maintaining trust, building long-term strength, and staying ahead of technology-led change.

Heightened geopolitical risks

Trust and reputation

The global geopolitical environment continues to change with heightened tensions and policy uncertainty
weighing on trade, energy and investment markets. Increasing global trade restrictions, strategic
competition and regional conflicts are disrupting supply chains, limiting access to key technologies and
reshaping capital flows. Cyber threats and attacks continue to evolve, requiring heightened vigilance by
people and businesses.

Trust is fundamental to long-term value creation and building strong customer relationships. Many Australians and
Australian businesses trust us with their transaction banking and deposit relationship. This requires a continued
focus on being safe and strong. As a bank, we are inherently exposed to reputational risk with issues such as data
privacy, conduct and governance having the potential to quickly erode stakeholder confidence.

For more information on our strategy, see pages 16–25.
For more information on what matters most to our stakeholders, see pages 70–71.
For more information on how we are managing our risks, see pages 58–67.

Expectations continue to rise around transparency, the responsible use of data and AI, and the delivery of fairer
and responsible outcomes. Stakeholders are also increasingly focused on how we support Australia’s economy and
contribute to financial inclusion and broader community outcomes.
The Bank has an important role to play. We are working closely with government and industry to support more
sustainable outcomes for our customers and communities. These efforts are fundamental to maintaining financial
system stability and resilience, and to supporting the long-term health of the Australian economy and society.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Australia’s banking system remains resilient. We actively assess downside scenarios through robust stress
testing, scenario analysis, and balance sheet risk management to strengthen operational resilience and
safeguard against potential shocks. The Bank is well positioned to navigate external challenges and continue
supporting our customers and the broader economy.

FINANCIAL REPORT

Australia’s economy has continued to show resilience, supported by strong population growth along
with healthy labour market conditions. While overall conditions remain strong, some household budgets,
particularly for younger Australians, renters and mortgage holders, continue to face pressures from elevated
interest rates, rising essential costs and housing affordability challenges.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Evolving technology

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Macroeconomic and cost-of-living pressures

SUSTAINABILITY

Across the Bank, we regularly assess the external environment to understand stakeholder views
and evolving themes. This helps us refine our strategic priorities, respond to risks and opportunities,
and support informed decision making to deliver sustainable outcomes for our stakeholders.

Competition in the banking sector remains elevated, driven by rising customer expectations, digital innovation and
industry participants pursuing greater market share. Customers are increasingly seeking personalised, high-value
experiences and seamless service. Pricing pressure remains evident across deposits and lending, where customer
demand for value and changing channel dynamics contribute to a highly competitive environment. We continue to
see large technology firms expand their presence, especially in payments and small business segments. As more
customers engage through digital channels, delivering efficient, high-quality service at scale to all Australians
is essential. Continued investment in technology and innovation helps us to meet these expectations while
maintaining our operational resilience.

CREATING VALUE

Key themes this year

Competitive intensity

OVERVIEW

We operate in a dynamic environment shaped by diverse
stakeholders and evolving trends. This can influence our
strategic priorities, decision-making processes and overall
risk management approach.

12

13
COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

How we create value

By living our purpose, we aim to create value for our
customers, communities and the nation, and deliver
meaningful outcomes for our stakeholders.

OVERVIEW

Value created

Largest branch network in Australia,
combined with leading digital experiences,
builds deeper customer relationships.

Technology leader,
history of innovation

Strong balance sheet
and risk management

Commitment to sustainability

Making it quick and
easy for customers
to finance and run
their home, bringing
them greater value.

2
Better understanding of
customer needs and risk

Providing
superior customer
experiences

Through deeper customer
relationships and technology, we can
understand and meet more of our
customers’ needs, as well as manage
risk more effectively.

3
Superior customer
experiences
Our customer focus and disciplined
operational execution means we can offer
distinct customer solutions that benefit
them and reward their loyalty.

Business

Invest

Digitising
transaction banking
and differentiating
our merchant
proposition to
better meet
customers’ needs.

Making it simpler
and easier for our
customers to invest
across a range of
investment options.

Learn more about customer experience
and support on pages 74–77.

Our people
Our aim is for our people to be supported,
motivated, engaged, and feel valued and
respected – believing in our purpose and
their role in achieving it.
Learn more about how we enable an engaged
and supported workforce on pages 80–83.

Communities
We aim to make positive contributions to
our communities in line with our purpose,
creating a brighter future for all.
Learn more about how we are contributing
to communities on pages 78–79.

Environment
We provide retail and business funding
to support an affordable, reliable and
inclusive transition.
Learn more in our climate disclosures on
pages 100–173.

Shareholders
We seek to deliver strong and stable
earnings that support a sustainable
dividend for our shareholders.
Learn more about how we are delivering
for shareholders on pages 26–33.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Balancing stakeholder needs and focusing
on sustainable practices, policies and
decisions to create long-term value for
our key stakeholders in our value chain.

Giving customers
more control and
helping them
save on everyday
spending.

FINANCIAL REPORT

Disciplined capital management, balance
sheet strength and robust risk management
practices create flexibility to support
customers and the economy through
all market conditions.

Home

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Leadership position in digital banking
through continued investment in digital
infrastructure, data, AI and innovation.

CBA’s trusted brand attracts a leading
share of transactions and deposits, and
our distinct propositions result in deeper
customer engagement.

Everyday

We seek to understand our customers and
provide them with superior experiences,
while supporting them in a fair, timely and
transparent way. We aim to be a safer,
stronger bank that is always available.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Strength of customer
relationships and franchise

Strong customer relationships
and frequency of engagement

Customers
SUSTAINABILITY

Engaged and accountable teams
executing the Bank’s strategy, delivering
better outcomes for our customers,
communities and shareholders.

1

Cr
ps
eat
i
h
ing
ns
o
i
t
endu
a
ring customer rel

Highly engaged and capable team

ring customer relat
u
d
n
ions
ge
n
i
t
hip
ea
r
s
C

What makes
us unique

CREATING VALUE

Our value drivers

14

15
COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT
OVERVIEW
CREATING VALUE

Creating value for
our stakeholders

SUSTAINABILITY
CLIMATE DISCLOSURES
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Page

Delivering on our strategic priorities

16

Delivering financial performance

26

Our approach to corporate governance

34

Managing our risks

58

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Our purpose is enduring – building a brighter future
for all. Through our strategy of building tomorrow’s
bank today, we create long-term value for our
stakeholders. Consistent and disciplined execution,
strong corporate governance and effective risk
management help us work towards a more
prosperous, resilient and sustainable future.

FINANCIAL REPORT

In this section

16

17
COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Building deep and trusted
customer relationships.
Delivering more personalised
digital experiences.
Building world-class capability
in engineering and AI.
Learn more on pages 20–23.

Delivering simpler, safer
and better banking

Protecting customers through
leading risk management.
Delivering secure, resilient and
reliable banking.
Learn more on pages 24–25.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Keeping the Bank safe and
strong positions us to support
customers when needed.

Running a strong and safe bank.

FINANCIAL REPORT

This year we refreshed our strategy to better respond to our
changing operating context. We have emphasised building
Australia’s future economy to improve living standards
for all Australians, remaining at the centre of our customers’
financial lives and keeping our customers safe.

Learn more on pages 18–19.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Four years ago, we set an ambitious strategy
to build tomorrow’s bank today for our
customers. Since then, we have made progress
in supporting our customers, investing in our
people and technology, and becoming a safer
and stronger bank.

Reimagining customer
experiences by leading in
technology and AI.

Advocating for a stronger financial
system and economy.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Reimagining
customer experiences

Helping businesses drive growth.

SUSTAINABILITY

Helping the nation prosper
and improving living standards
for all Australians.

Supporting our customers
and communities.

CREATING VALUE

Helping build Australia’s
future economy

OVERVIEW

Delivering on
our strategic
priorities

We will continue to build tomorrow’s bank today for our customers
by focusing on our strategic pillars:

18

CREATING VALUE FOR OUR STAKEHOLDERS

19

For Australia’s economy to prosper, Australian businesses need to grow.
We are deeply focused on supporting businesses to drive productive growth in
our economy. By helping bring capital to Australia, CBA can lend to our business
customers to support job creation and contribute to Australia’s productivity.

Helping the nation prosper and
improving living standards for
all Australians.

To support sustainable access to banking services, we extended
our commitment to keep all regional CBA branches open to support
communities in regional Australia to the end of July 2027.
Our continued focus on balance sheet strength and our conservative
approach to managing capital and funding provides capacity to support
our customers and the nation, while still delivering sustainable returns
to shareholders.
For more information on how we are supporting our customers and communities,
see pages 74–79.

$880m+
mistaken and scam payments
prevented with NameCheck
since 2023

Additionally, policy areas such as productivity, affordable housing and tax reform
also influence the strength of Australia’s financial system and economy. CBA
will continue to contribute to the national conversation on these and other policy
issues to help shape Australia’s prosperity for future generations.

For more information on how
we are supporting Australia’s
transition, see pages 104–107.

Contributing to national fraud and scams resilience
We continue to contribute to nationwide initiatives to better protect Australians from fraud and scams.

$42bn
lent to businesses
to help them grow

Technology solutions are making a positive impact. NameCheck has been used over 110 million times and prevented
more than $880 million mistaken payments and scams since July 2023. CBA is leading industry efforts to combat scams
by working with telecommunications companies and digital platforms to help better protect Australians. We have shared
over 18,500 malicious URLs, SMS, phone numbers, websites and social media accounts with the Anti-Scam Intelligence
Loop since July 2024.
CBA has also joined BioCatch Trust, a global first inter-bank, behaviour and device-based, fraud and scams
intelligence-sharing network. We have also partnered with Macquarie University and its AI-focused spinout, APATE.AI,
whose AI-powered conversational anti-scam bots help extract scam intelligence and receive scam phone calls.
For more information on how we are helping to protect our customers from fraud and scams, see page 76.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Keeping customers’ accounts safe and secure remains a priority. We invested
more than $900 million this year to help protect our customers from
fraud, scams, cyber threats and financial crime. Our continued investment
helped reduce customer fraud and scam losses by over 30% this year.
We acknowledge there is still more to be done. We remain actively engaged
with governments, regulators, banks and other industries to support a
whole-of-ecosystem approach to combat fraud, scams, cyber threats and
financial crime.

customers served
from 17.6m FY24

We actively engage governments, banks and industry partners on issues that
require coordinated effort and shared accountability. Our aim is that our banking
services continue to be safe, secure and reliable. This includes combatting fraud,
scams, cyber threats and financial crime; maintaining access to cash; improving
the efficiency of Australia’s cash system; and seeking regulation that keeps pace
with technology and shifts in customer preferences.

To deliver this, we need efficient
regulation to help accelerate
energy supply and contribute to
productivity. With appropriate
sharing of costs and benefits, we
believe Australia can transition
to net zero by 2050 and create
a brighter future for all.

FINANCIAL REPORT

We maintained our focus on supporting customers with a range of options,
which included improved access to hardship assistance and over 139,000
tailored payment arrangements for those most in need. More than three
million customers each month use our digital money management tools to
help them manage their finances.

18.2m

We have a positive vision for growth focused on delivering balanced outcomes for
all stakeholders, including our shareholders – over 13 million Australians who own
our shares directly or through their superannuation.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

The past few years have been challenging for Australian households and
businesses, with higher inflation and cost-of-living pressures. We remain
committed to supporting our customers, communities and the nation when
they need us most.

Australia’s financial system has served us well, supporting economic stability,
resilience and prosperity. As a business that does well when the Australian
economy does well, we are committed to helping improve living standards for
all Australians. The Bank has a role to play in constructively participating in
long-term strategic policy discussions and advocating for changes that serve
the national interest.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Supporting our customers
and communities

Advocating for a stronger financial system and economy

As Australia transitions to net
zero by 2050, maintaining
energy affordability will be
key so that Australians can
continue to prosper. We see
access to affordable and reliable
energy sources as essential
to supporting our economy.
We are supportive of an
affordable and reliable energy
transition that is inclusive and
considers the needs of
Australian communities.

SUSTAINABILITY

Our digital innovations are making it easier for businesses to access lending. Over
750,000 customers are eligible to access capital more easily through our BizExpress
assisted or online pathways, with $1.2 billion funded this year. Additionally, over
400,000 customers are eligible for pre-approved commercial lending to access
funding to support business growth. To help businesses get started, we have
expanded the number of customers eligible for online bank guarantees to 30%.

CREATING VALUE

We are committed to building deeper and more meaningful relationships with
our customers, understanding their needs and providing tailored support. To help
manage cash flow, our Capital Growth Account continues to provide businesses
flexibility, with around 50% of customers using this capability.

Australia’s transition to a
net zero economy by 2050 is
underway. Meeting Australia’s
2030 emissions reduction
target requires significant
investment. The energy sector
continues to be the biggest
contributor to Australia’s
domestic emissions. We believe
that affordably decarbonising
Australia’s electricity grid
remains the most important step
for Australia’s transition.

OVERVIEW

Helping build
Australia’s
future economy

Our relationship-led business banking strategy has resulted in our continued
growth, with one in four Australian businesses choosing CBA as their main financial
institution. Business transaction accounts grew by 7% this year to 1.3 million and we
process the largest share of payments domestically. We also facilitated $286 billion
of international payments for our business customers this year.

Helping Australia
transition to a more
resilient future

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Helping businesses drive growth

20

CREATING VALUE FOR OUR STAKEHOLDERS

21

This year we introduced an AI-powered virtual assistant, integrated car buying and ownership tools, exclusive
electric vehicles deals for essential workers, predictive navigation features, and streamlined management of payment
credentials. While we continue to innovate for personalisation and create more value for our customers, we remain
focused on strengthening our ability to support our customers to keep their money and data safe and secure.

Key updates

For more information on how we are pursuing excellence in our customer
experiences, see page 75.

Additional biometric
capability to help
enhance detection
of fraud and scams.

Increasing security

Providing
convenience

CommBank app active users 1
from 8.5m+ FY24

12.7m+

daily logins to the CommBank app

2025 Bank of the Year –
Digital Banking Award
16 years in a row 1
Best Digital Consumer
Bank (Major)
7 years in a row 1
Most Innovative
Major Consumer Bank
7 years in a row 1
1 See Glossary on pages 438–451 for
source information.

Introduced warnings for
certain first-time payments,
and digital wallet controls
allowing customers to
review and remove any
they do not recognise.

New QR cardless
functionality allows
customers to make
transactions without
a card, PIN or code.

Everyday investing

Issuing digitally

Invest in up to three
professionally designed
funds with a low
minimum investment.

Customers can activate
and start using their new
or replacement digital
card directly in the app
and in their digital wallets.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

We continue to look for ways to provide value to our customers.
CommBank Yello, our customer recognition program, has deepened
customer engagement. Customers who are engaged with CommBank
Yello logged into the app three times more often than other customers.
This year we extended Yello to our business customers. More than
360,000 business customers across Australia can access a broad range
of benefits and discounts.

GenAI provides
customers with a more
intuitive and personalised
messaging experience.

FINANCIAL REPORT

Through our different brands we can better tailor our banking services
for our customers to meet their diverse needs. Our continued investment
in a leading digital experience, including chat functionality, helps us
deliver personalised banking services at scale. We also maintained our
proprietary home lenders, Australia-based call centres, and Australia’s
largest branch and ATM network. This approach helped us achieve over
50% of total market share of proprietary home lending flow in Australia.

Detecting fraud
and scams

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Our long-standing commitment to building deep and trusted customer
relationships has helped us become Australia’s leading transaction bank
for retail and business customers. Strong relationships and frequent
engagement support our understanding of customers’ needs and
goals. This helps us deliver more seamless, personalised and rewarding
customer experiences. We remain focused on creating excellent
customer experiences and rewarding customer loyalty.

9m+

Improving
functionality

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

#1

consumer banking app NPS 1

Building deep and trusted
customer relationships

SUSTAINABILITY

Reimagining customer
experiences to remain at
the centre of our customers’
financial lives and create
more value for them.

Our ongoing investment in the CommBank app since 2013, continues to deliver more personalised customer
experiences and deeper engagement with our customers. With over 9 million active users, it is Australia’s most
popular banking app, processing nearly $1.2 trillion in digital transactions through the app this year.

CREATING VALUE

Reimagining
customer
experiences

OVERVIEW

With more customers choosing to bank with us digitally, we aspire
to make digital experiences simple, seamless and more personalised.
By using leading technologies like AI, we aim to create digital
experiences our customers will value.

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Delivering more personalised digital experiences

22

CREATING VALUE FOR OUR STAKEHOLDERS

23

Leading in technology and AI

To meet our customers’ changing needs, we continue to invest to personalise
and differentiate our offering. We seek to exceed our customers’ expectations
every time they bank with us.

Supporting our people to use data, AI and technology to deliver
exceptional customer experiences more safely and securely.

Onboarding a new customer is often the first and an
important interaction with the Bank. Our focus is to
provide a safe and seamless path to the service they need,
while also preventing bad actors from creating accounts.
Eligible customers can now have immediate access to
their card in their digital wallet.

Investing in AI and delivery
Our strategy has consistently invested in technology, data
and analytics to deliver more personalised experiences
for our customers and make things easier for our people.
Our first major launch was in 2015, with our AI-driven
customer engagement engine (CEE). CEE runs over 2,000
real-time machine learning models and processes over
157 billion data points, supporting next best conversations
across all channels of banking. As the pace of technological
change increases, we are investing more in GenAI to help
deliver more personalised customer experiences.

Our Australian-first GenAI powered retail and business
customer messaging is delivering faster, more reliable
support, reducing call centre wait times and driving an
approximately 20% increase in customer interactions
through unassisted channels. We also use AI to
proactively alert customers of suspicious transactions,
with up to 3,000 confirmed fraudulent cases per day.
For non-fraud disputes, our GenAI model provides
customers with a tailored conversation to collect all
required information and speed up dispute resolution.

We continue to invest in the security and resilience of our technology
and strive to provide services that are reliable, safe, and available whenever
and wherever our customers need them. We have taken steps to improve
the reliability and availability of our systems to deliver more updates while
reducing impact on customers.

With many Australians preferring a simple digital-only banking experience, we have transformed Bankwest to become
a digital bank. Bankwest’s product offering is now simpler with a focus on home loans and everyday banking.
This year we relaunched Bankwest with a new brand, website and mobile app experience. Our new digital assets are
designed to be simpler and more intuitive. We also updated the user interface of our award-winning digital broker portal.

While closing our Bankwest branch network and converting 15 branches to be CBA-branded, we maintained consistent
growth, acquiring over 90,000 new-to-bank customers this year. We also minimised impact to our people by presenting
branch employees with job opportunities across the Bank. For around 2,000 Bankwest customers who we identified
as being reliant on branches, we have supported them with exploring alternative ways to do their banking. Bankwest
customers still have access to cash services via CBA IDMs/ATMs nationwide for depositing and withdrawing cash.

As the competition for talent intensifies, we continue to find ways to attract
and retain world-class AI and engineering talent. To deliver our strategy we are
investing in AI and engineering talent, increasing the overall share of engineers
in our technology workforce and supporting them to deploy change faster.
Our focus is to create exceptional customer experiences, partnering with
global technology leaders and empowering our people with the skills, tools and
platforms to build new products and features in a safe and responsible way.
This year we hired over 2,000 engineers and now have over 9,000 engineers
who bring valuable technology skills to CBA. We have also embedded 10
distinguished engineers in strategic areas to guide critical initiatives, and
shape our technology strategy and workforce planning. To help accelerate our
AI ambitions, we have also appointed six distinguished AI scientists.
For more information on our approach to responsible AI, see page 93.

The Hub is providing our teams with
the opportunity to spend three weeks
in Seattle, focused on solving clearly
defined customer and business
challenges. During this time, CBA
technology teams work with global
technology leaders including Amazon
Web Services and Microsoft to solve
the business problem. Teams are
expected to define a customer-centred
opportunity, then develop a solution
using AI technology.
To date, 84 people have completed
the program, resulting in nine
innovation initiatives that improved key
business processes such as call centre
automation, customer onboarding and
tooling modernisation.
The investment in time, people
and capability is supporting us to
build a culture of innovation and
collaboration, using new technologies
like Agentic AI. This empowers our
people to deliver better outcomes
and experiences for our customers.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Bankwest is well positioned to meet the expectations of digital-savvy customers who expect leading digital and broker
banking services. To support this, we introduced single and multi-use virtual cards in the Bankwest app. Our investments
in technology and modern cloud-based call centre platforms are helping us engage new-to-bank customers.

Building world-class capability
in engineering and AI

To strengthen our technology and
AI leadership and reimagine customer
experiences, we have established a
Tech Hub in Seattle.

FINANCIAL REPORT

Bankwest transformed to a digital bank

For more information on how we are delivering secure, resilient and reliable banking,
see page 25.

Advancing our
technology leadership

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Modernising our technology and data platforms is critical to delivering
better customer, risk and resilience outcomes. We have accelerated
our modernisation efforts. Our ambition is to continue building modern
technology by reducing system interdependencies and enhancing our
enterprise data platform to support our important customer interactions.
This work aims to improve our operational resilience and make it faster
to deliver change. We have successfully migrated our on-premise
data platforms to the cloud, and are continuing to invest in building
microservices enabling a simpler, more modern technology estate.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Modernising technology and data

SUSTAINABILITY

We have accelerated our efforts to strengthen our data,
analytics and AI foundations, modernising our data estate
by adopting cloud technologies that improve our ability
to deliver and scale analytical and AI outcomes. Over
the past year, our people have been using GenAI tools
to deliver better customer outcomes sooner. Our GenAI

assistant for business bankers has handled more than
250,000 questions, delivering responses over three times
faster than traditional measures. AI has also boosted
software engineers’ output. Over 70% of our engineers
are using AI-powered tools daily to help them produce
30% more code changes.

CREATING VALUE

We have prioritised key customer experiences in our retail
and business bank. To help us focus on what matters most
to our customers, we introduced a new approach to gather
direct customer feedback. Whether it be opening an account,

using tools to help manage personal or business finances,
or making payments easier – we want our customers to
have a positive experience.

OVERVIEW

Our ambition is to deliver excellent experiences every time
our customers interact with us. To do this we must provide
seamless banking, deliver service excellence and listen to our
customers’ experiences and expectations so we can continue
to improve.

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Delivering distinctive service and products

24

CREATING VALUE FOR OUR STAKEHOLDERS

25
COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Protecting customers through
leading risk management

Delivering
simpler, safer
and better
banking

OVERVIEW

We continue to invest in our ambition to become a safer organisation with
leading risk management, transparency and discipline. Risk management
is key to maintaining our customers’ trust that we will keep their money
and data safe. We must sustain a sound risk culture while enhancing
how we use information to improve customer experiences.

CREATING VALUE

Investing in leading risk management supports our efforts to protect our
customers and improve risk outcomes. We are focused on using technology,
including AI, to deliver better outcomes, especially in relation to financial crime,
fraud and scams. We process more than 20 million payments daily, using
thousands of fraud and decisioning rules in real-time to detect, defend and
deter. We also send up to 35,000 fraud alerts per day from the CommBank app.
If a customer confirms it is fraud, our systems automatically secure the card to
protect the customer from further fraudulent activity.

SUSTAINABILITY

Keeping our customers’ personal information safe remains a focus. We are
updating our Group Privacy Statement to improve transparency around
automated decision making and the personal information we use, following
reforms to the Privacy Act 1988. We continue to focus on strengthening
our personal information management through regular reviews of our risk
framework and updates to internal policies.
For more information on how we are managing our risks, see pages 58–67.
For more information on how we are helping to protect our customers from fraud
and scams, see page 76.

Keeping the Bank safe and
strong positions us to support
customers when needed.

Through disciplined balance sheet and capital management, we continue
to maintain our key balance sheet settings and capital levels to mitigate
macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainty. We aim to both support and
lend to customers during challenging times, invest in our business and pay
dividends to our shareholders.

$2.3bn
investment spend in
strategic priorities

Our consistent disciplined focus on generating organic capital enables us to
invest in our efforts to keep banking services safe and secure, and to improve
our customers’ banking experience. We continue to focus on our core banking
businesses in Australia and New Zealand. During the year we completed the sale
of our shareholdings in Hangzhou Bank and Vietnam International Commercial
Joint Stock Bank, and we may consider other divestments over time. This has
released capital that can now be allocated to our core banking activities.

25%

For more information on our financial performance, see pages 26–33.

deposit funding ratio

improvement in recovery
time of critical incidents

The cyber security landscape is constantly evolving, driven by both technological
innovation and emerging threats. This requires ongoing vigilance, preparedness
and investment in protection capabilities. The Bank applies a cyber security
risk management framework aligned with industry standards and maintains an
information security capability in accordance with domestic and international
regulatory obligations. We are focused on building world-class cyber capabilities,
prioritising the protection of critical assets, instilling discipline to deliver securely
at speed, and helping safeguard Australians through partnerships with industry,
community and Government. We continuously scan the external environment for
emerging threats and look for innovative ways to proactively keep our customers
and Bank information safe.
For more information on how we are managing our risks, see pages 58–67.
For more information on how we are helping to protect our customers and the
Bank from cyber threats, see pages 89–90.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

78%

Stronger operational resilience provides foundations to deliver services safely
and reliably. We have strengthened processes to meet Australian Prudential
Regulation Authority (APRA) Prudential Standard CPS 230 Operational risk
management (CPS 230). The standard aims to improve operational resilience
with requirements for operational risk, business continuity and service
provider management.

We continue to modernise the way
we manage services and integrate
security into our development
processes. Streamlined and
automated processes and approvals
have accelerated delivery, with
over 10,200 successful system
updates in March – our highest
to date – and our fastest average
recovery time for resolving issues.
We are focused on understanding
critical operations, improving our
systems uptime and restoring
services quickly. Major incidents
trigger retrospectives to identify
root causes, learn and prevent
recurrence. We have seen some
promising outcomes from our
resilience focus so far. This year
we have increased the pace of
technology changes, reduced
the amount of critical incidents
by approximately 30% and have
improved recovery time of critical
incidents by 25% – enabling faster,
safer delivery.

FINANCIAL REPORT

The Bank takes a long-term disciplined approach to balance sheet and
capital management. We carefully consider future impacts to funding, credit
and liquidity needs. Decisions to strengthen our balance sheet may reduce
short-term earnings but provide strength and stability to enable us to support
our customers. During the year we have maintained strong provision coverage
and conservative funding metrics. Our deposit funding ratio remained strong
at 78%, reflecting our stable and resilient funding base. Structural hedges
continue to support our long-term strategy, and our capital position remained
well above regulatory minimums, with a CET1 ratio of 12.3%.

Financial services are essential to our customers’ everyday lives. Service
outages can prevent customers accessing their money, making payments
or running their business, and can negatively impact the economy. With one
in three Australians and one in four Australian businesses calling us their
main financial institution, our banking services need to be secure, resilient
and reliable. Our focus is on getting the basics right and fixing things quickly
when we get it wrong.

Improving resilience

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Keeping the Bank’s balance sheet strong positions us well to support our
customers and the economy, and deliver sustainable returns for our shareholders.

Delivering secure, resilient
and reliable banking

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Running a strong and safe Bank

For more information on how we approach customer privacy, see page 91.

26

27

Sustainable shareholder returns

1

Quality franchise

#1 Business MFI share

33.4%

27.3%

Nearest
peer 16.8%

Nearest
peer 19.3%

800,000+

The full year dividend of $4.85 per share, fully franked, reflects the Bank’s strong
capital position. Our aim is to deliver sector-leading returns and a sustainable
dividend. To deliver sustainable dividends we seek to:

shareholders hold CBA
shares directly, over
13 million hold CBA
shares indirectly through
their superannuation

• Generate organic capital through cash NPAT;
• Target a full-year payout ratio of 70–80% of cash NPAT; and
• Maximise the use of our franking account by paying fully franked dividends.
The dividend payout ratio was 79% of the Bank’s cash earnings for the full financial year.
The Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP) continues to be offered to shareholders.
No discount will be applied to shares allocated under the plan for the final dividend.
The DRP is anticipated to be satisfied in full by an on-market purchase of shares.

75%
Australian ownership

Common Equity
Tier 1 capital ratio

Strong balance sheet

Flat on June 2024

Deposit funding ratio 3

Liquidity coverage ratio

78%

130%

June 2024 78%

June 2024 136%

Statutory NPAT

Cash NPAT

$10,133m

$10,252m

7% on FY24

4% on FY24

Net interest
margin

Loan loss rate

2.08%

7bpts

9bpts on FY24

1 All information in this section is presented on a continuing operations basis, unless stated otherwise.
2 Total impairment provisions as a percentage of credit risk weighted assets.
3 Comparative information has been restated to conform to the presentation in the current year.

231

231

298

returned to shareholders
as dividends and share
buy-backs during FY25

$3,640

198

199

200

200

200

FY16

FY17

FY18

FY19

FY20

98

dividend amount related
to FY25 for the average
retail shareholder

Interim

465

240

250

175

210

215

225

FY22

FY23

FY24

FY25

385

350
230

485

450

431

222

260

210

200

150

FY21

Final

Total shareholder return

Return on equity

Earnings per share

(%)

Cash, continuing operations (%)

Cash, continuing operations (cents)

245

220

13.9

13.6

13.5

596.1

587.8

613.2

FY23

FY24

FY25

FY23

FY24

FY25

144
86
51

2bpts on FY24

431

18

1yr

CBA

5yr

10yr

Peer average (ex. CBA)

Total shareholder return (TSR) combines
both share price appreciation and
dividends paid. It represents the total
return to shareholders over time.

Return on equity (ROE) measures the
Bank’s profitability. It represents the
net profit generated as a percentage of
the equity shareholders have invested.

Earnings per share (EPS) measures
the Bank’s earnings growth. It is
calculated by dividing net profit after
tax by the number of shares on issue.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

We maintain strong operational
performance through our disciplined
approach to volume growth, lending
standards and cost management.

6bpts on June 2024

$8bn

429

FINANCIAL REPORT

Operational excellence

APRA (Level 2)

1.60%

420

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Our balance sheet settings remain
prudent to ensure we are well placed
to navigate a range of economic
and market conditions.

12.3%

Provision
coverage ratio 2

Dividend per share (cents)

direct ownership by
retail shareholders

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

47%

SUSTAINABILITY

Our core businesses remain
strong and industry leading,
driven by continued commitment
to customers, disciplined
investments and consistent
execution of our strategy.

#1 Retail MFI share

Dividends

CREATING VALUE

Value creators

Highlights

OVERVIEW

Our customer-focused franchise and consistent execution
continue to deliver sustainable returns for our shareholders.

Delivering strong and sustainable fully franked dividends benefits many Australians. We have over
800,000 direct shareholders and more than 13 million Australians benefit from holding CBA shares
indirectly through their superannuation. We have delivered a strong payout ratio of 79% near the
upper end of our target range. By maintaining strong performance and prudent balance sheet
settings, we are able to fund balance sheet growth, invest for the future and pay a sustainable
dividend over the long term.

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Delivering financial
performance

28

DELIVERING FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

29

We maintain our core business strength through continued focus on supporting our customers.
We continue to invest for the future to deliver exceptional customer experiences and provide
strength and stability to the Australian economy.

The strength of our balance sheet means the Bank is well positioned to continue supporting
our customers and the broader Australian economy, while investing in our franchise and
delivering sustainable returns for our shareholders.

Core business strength

Capital

Retail MFI

To retain and grow customers, we continue to build deep and trusted relationships.
Our Main Financial Institution (MFI) share for retail and business customers remains leading.

Common Equity
Tier 1 capital ratio

We have seen steady growth in our household deposits and our retail transaction accounts
have increased by 4%. More than 97% of our home loans are linked to a transaction account.
We now have over 1.3 million business transaction accounts, a growth of 7%, with around
90% of business loans linked to a transaction account. Our business lending increased 11%
with strong performance across a number of sectors.

12.3%

#1

Business MFI

June 2024 12.3%
SUSTAINABILITY

27.3%

APRA (Level 2)

APRA sets minimum capital requirements to ensure banks hold sufficient capital to protect
deposit holders against unexpected losses. The Group has a strong capital position with
a Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) capital ratio of 12.3% as at 30 June 2025, well in excess
of the minimum regulatory requirement of 10.25%. The Bank's CET1 ratio was supported
by organic capital generation from earnings and represents a $10.1 billion surplus to the
APRA minimum regulatory requirement.

Volume growth in core business 1

#1

Funding and liquidity

Home lending

Home lending share

24.6%

CREATING VALUE

33.4%

OVERVIEW

Strong balance sheet

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Quality franchise

+$34bn

1.1x system

+$35bn

1.0x system

Deposit
funding ratio 1

1.3x system

78%

Household deposits
Business lending
+$16bn

June 2024 78%

Liquidity
coverage ratio

130%

Our total investment spend increased by $287 million or 14% to $2,297 million and we have maintained a leadership
position in digital banking in Australia. We have continued to invest in ongoing development and personalisation of digital
banking applications and channels, simplification and automation of systems and processes including the use of GenAI
models to improve customer service experience.

Investment spend ($m)

The net stable funding ratio (NSFR) shows to what extent our long-term assets are covered
by stable sources of funding. The Group’s NSFR as at 30 June 2025 was 115% remaining
well above the regulatory minimum of 100%.

Provisions
Provision coverage

924

630

444

1,998

FY24

1.60%

926

618

466

2,010

June 2024 1.66%

FY25

1,023

Productivity and growth

Risk and compliance

594

2,297

Infrastructure and branches

1 As reported in RBA Lending and Credit Aggregates (Home Lending and Business Lending) and APRA Monthly ADI Statistics (Household Deposits).
CBA Business Lending multiple estimate is based on Business Banking growth rate (excluding Institutional Banking and Markets) over published APRA
Total Business Lending Data (excluding estimated Institutional Lending balances).

Our total impairment provisions increased by $242 million or 4% driven by lending growth
and uncertainty in the economic outlook from elevated global trade and geopolitical tensions,
partly offset by improving domestic economic conditions.
The Group maintains a cautious approach to managing risks and provision coverage remains
strong with a provision coverage ratio of 1.60%.

Total impairment provisions ($m)
FY23

5,950

FY24

6,135

FY25
1 Comparative information has been restated to conform to the presentation in the current year.

6,377

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

FY23

680

The liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) represents the level of high-quality liquid assets available
to meet short-term obligations in a liquidity stress scenario. The Group’s average LCR for
the quarter ended 30 June 2025 was 130% which was significantly above the minimum
regulatory requirement of 100%.

FINANCIAL REPORT

Investment in risk and compliance continues to account for a significant portion of our investment spend as we focus on
improving our risk management capabilities via technology upgrades and automation of critical processes. We have also
continued to invest in improving resilience of critical IT systems and infrastructure and protecting our customers against
cyber security threats.

June 2024 136%

The Group continued to satisfy a significant portion of its funding requirements from
customer deposits, accounting for 78% of total funding, with customers maintaining
increased retail and business deposit levels.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Accelerated investment

The deposit funding ratio represents the proportion of total funding made up of customer
deposits. Customer deposits are considered the most stable source of funding. The strength
of our banking business has allowed us to maintain the highest share of stable household
deposits in Australia. Ensuring we are well funded has been critical to our ability to continue
supporting our customers and helping grow the Australian economy.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

#1

30

DELIVERING FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

31
COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Operational excellence
Loan impairment expense

Cash NPAT

Cash NPAT increased 4% reflecting growth in operating income and lower loan impairment
expense, partly offset by the impact of inflation on operating expenses. Cash NPAT is
management’s preferred measure of the Group’s financial performance. It excludes non-cash
items that are non-recurring in nature and not considered representative of the Group’s
ongoing financial performance. Statutory NPAT includes non-cash items.

Loan impairment
expense

Net interest income increased due to volume growth in home and business lending
and a higher net interest margin. Net interest margin (NIM) is an important measure of our
financial performance. It represents the return on our interest earning assets (e.g. home loans)
after accounting for the costs of funding these assets (e.g. deposits). NIM increased 9 basis
points primarily driven by a reduction in the level of lower yielding liquid assets holdings.

FY24 $802m

$10,252m
FY24 $9,836m

$10,133m
FY24 $9,481m

2.08%
FY24 1.99%

Operating income

$28,465m
FY24 $27,174m

Loan loss rate as a percentage of lending (bpts)
33

Other operating income increased due to improved markets trading income and higher
fee income due to retail, business and institutional lending growth.
For details on reconciliation between statutory and cash NPAT refer to page 176 in the Directors' report.
FY25

FY24

% change

Net interest income

24,023

22,824

 5%

Other operating income

4,442

4,350

 2%

Total operating income

28,465

27,174

 5%

Operating expenses

(12,996)

(12,218)

 6%

Operating performance

15,469

14,956

 3%

Loan impairment expense

(726)

(802)

 9%

Net profit before tax

14,743

14,154

 4%

Tax expense

(4,491)

(4,318)

 4%

10,252

9,836

 4%

1

Net profit after tax – cash basis

19
15

15

16
12

9

7

7

(4)

FY16

FY17

FY18

FY19

FY20

FY21

FY22

FY23

FY24

FY25

Credit quality

Operating expenses
Cash basis

$12,996m
FY24 $12,218m

51,346

Occupancy and equipment expenses decreased 4% primarily reflecting consolidation of
our commercial property footprint. Information technology expenses increased 7% primarily
due to higher levels of investment spend in infrastructure, modernisation and AI capabilities,
increased software licensing and cloud computing volumes.
Other expenses increased 6% primarily driven by higher professional fees, cost of cash
services, insurance and marketing expenses.
For more details on operating expenses refer to Note 2.4 on pages 241–242 in the Financial report.

FY24 48,887
Occupancy and equipment

45.7%

Information technology

FY24 45.0%

Restructuring and notable items 2

Other expenses
Total operating expenses

FY24

% change

7,970

7,448

 7%

957

995

 4%

2,389

2,225

 7%

Troublesome and non-performing exposures include
loans where customers are experiencing financial
difficulties that could result in credit losses for the
Group and loans to customers not meeting their
repayment obligations such as loans in default.

0.55

The decrease in corporate troublesome and
non-performing exposures to $6,288 million from
$6,479 million in FY24, was primarily driven by lower
troublesome exposures due to repayments and upgrades,
partly offset by higher non-performing exposures due
to downgrades across a small number of customers.

1.50
1.19

0.65

Jun 23

0.69

Jun 24
 Home Loans  Credit Cards

Jun 25
Personal Loans

Corporate troublesome and non-performing
exposures ($m)
Jun 23

1,550

1,461

 6%

130

89

 46%

Jun 25

12,996

12,218

 6%

2 Includes provisions for costs related to domestic customer remediation ($52 million), remediation of ASB customers ($33 million) and a $45 million Bankwest
restructuring provision. For more details on remediation provisions refer to Note 7.1 on pages 287–292 in the Financial report.

0.70

0.74

0.47

Jun 24

1 Income tax expense increased 4% mainly due to a 4% increase in cash net profit. The effective tax rate was 30.5%. For more details on tax expense refer
to Note 2.5 on pages 243–245 in the Financial report.

1.51

2,778
3,867
3,508

Corporate troublesome

2,490

5,268
2,612
2,780

6,479
6,288

Corporate non-performing

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Cost-to-income ratio

Staff costs

FY25

Consumer arrears > 90 days (%)

FINANCIAL REPORT

Full-time
equivalent staff (FTE)

Operating expenses increased 6% driven by higher staff, information technology costs and
other expenses, partly offset by lower occupancy and equipment expenses. Staff costs
increased 7% driven by wage inflation and higher average FTE. Staff increases were due
to additional resources for the delivery of our strategic priorities and were partly offset
by productivity initiatives.

Consumer arrears show the proportion of our consumer
credit portfolio where customers have fallen behind on
their contractual loan repayments. Home loan and personal
loan arrears increased as some customers continue to be
impacted by cost-of-living pressures. Our home lending
portfolio remains well secured and 85% of home lending
customers remain in advance of scheduled repayments.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Operating expenses

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Cash basis

Loan impairment expense decreased 9% reflecting our robust credit origination and
underwriting practices and improving economic conditions, partly offset by the impact
of uncertain economic outlook due to rising global trade and geopolitical tensions.

SUSTAINABILITY

Net interest margin

Loan impairment reflects changes in our estimates of expected loan losses, as well
as bad debts incurred during the year net of any recoveries. The loan loss rate measures
loan impairment as a percentage of average loan balances.

CREATING VALUE

Statutory NPAT

$726m

OVERVIEW

Solid growth in income and profits

32

DELIVERING FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

33
COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Business unit performance
Retail Banking Services

Institutional Banking and Markets

Retail Banking Services (RBS) provides simple and convenient banking products and services to personal
and private bank customers, helping them manage their everyday banking needs, buy a home or invest
for the future. RBS includes the retail banking activities under the Bankwest and Unloan brands.

Institutional Banking and Markets (IB&M) is helping to build Australia's future economy
by providing domestic and global financing and banking services to large corporate,
institutional and government customers.

OVERVIEW

Cash NPAT

Cash NPAT

CREATING VALUE

$5,395m
FY24 $5,265m

Net interest margin

FY24 2.53%

Contribution
to Group profit

Investment spend focused on strategic
growth and productivity initiatives, including
product and service innovation, digital
enhancements, the CommBank Yello
loyalty program, Bankwest transformation,
home buying process optimisation,
reducing scam losses and complying
with regulations including Open Banking.
RBS remains focused on deepening and
broadening our customer relationships with
distinctive and differentiated propositions,
giving customers more reasons to bank with us.

1

FY24 54%

$1,224m
FY24 $1,124m

Net interest margin 2

2.00%
FY24 1.66%

Contribution
to Group profit

12%

Operating expenses rose $72 million or
7% due to inflation, investment in frontline
resources as well as higher technology
and software costs.
Loan impairment expense increased
$52 million on the prior year to $49 million.

This was primarily driven by higher
individual provisions for single name
exposures, partly offset by lower collective
provisions due to a reduction in some
forward looking adjustments.
Investment spend focused on strategic
initiatives and continuing to strengthen
the operational risk, compliance
and regulatory framework.
IB&M continued to focus on helping to build
Australia’s future economy and supporting
our customers' transition to net zero by 2050.
This included assisting in 102 sustainable
finance transactions this year.

1

FY24 11%

Brands

Cash net profit after tax was $1,224
million, an increase of $100 million or 9%
on FY24. Total operating income increased
$273 million or 11% driven by higher earnings
on deposits and equity, increased capital
markets activity and higher institutional
lending volumes, partly offset by lower
institutional and structured lending margins
and increased merchants scheme costs.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

53%

Operating expenses increased $217 million
or 4% driven by inflation, additional
resources to support proprietary lending,
amortisation and higher investment
and technology spend. This was partly
offset by productivity initiatives including
workforce and branch optimisation.

Loan impairment expense decreased
$45 million or 14% due to lower collective
provisions reflecting declining interest rates.

Brands

New Zealand

Business Banking (BB) serves the banking needs of business, corporate and agribusiness
customers across a full range of financial services. BB also provides Australia’s leading
equities trading and margin lending services through our CommSec business. BB
includes the financial results of business banking activities under the Bankwest brand.

New Zealand primarily includes the businesses operating under the ASB brand. ASB provides
everyday banking, lending, insurance (distribution) and wealth management products and
services to individuals and businesses across the country.

$4,092m
FY24 $3,790m

Net interest margin

FY24 3.39%

Contribution
to Group profit

40%

Operating expenses increased $197
million or 7%, primarily driven by higher
technology spend, inflation and investment
in product offerings.

Central to our strategy is adapting to
customer needs and enhancing their
experience. More than one in four businesses
call us their main bank and we lead in
Business NPS among the major banks.

1

FY24 39%

Brands
1 Does not sum to 100% as excludes net loss after tax from Group Corporate Centre and Other.

$1,198m
FY24 $1,198m

Net interest margin 3

2.27%
FY24 2.23%

Contribution
to Group profit

12%

Cash NPAT was $1,198 million, in line with
FY24. Total operating income increased
$88 million or 3% reflecting strong lending
and deposit growth and higher net interest
margin driven by earnings on equity and
replicating portfolio. Operating expenses
increased $103 million or 9%, driven by
higher staff costs due to wage inflation and
higher FTE, costs associated with customer
remediation and higher technology costs
from increased investment, partly offset
by productivity initiatives.
Loan impairment expense decreased
$9 million or 14% due to lower collective
provisions reflecting declining interest rates

and improvement in milk prices, partly offset
by higher consumer finance write-offs and
individual provisions.
Investment spend focused on technology
modernisation, digital experience, and
regulatory compliance.
Home lending grew above market at 7%,
while business and rural lending grew 2%
above a relatively flat market. KiwiSaver
funds under management continue to
perform strongly growing by 12%. ASB’s
purpose is Accelerating Progress for
all New Zealanders, achieved through
three interconnected strands of financial,
social and environmental progress.

1

FY24 12%

Brands
1 Does not sum to 100% as excludes net loss after tax from Group Corporate Centre and Other.
2 Net interest margin in IB&M excluding Markets.
3 Net interest margin is ASB Bank only and is calculated in New Zealand dollars.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

3.35%

Investment spend was focused on
enhancing the customer experience
through reimagining products and services
including the launch of CommBank Yello for
business and improving processes through
digitisation and leveraging AI technology.

Cash NPAT

FINANCIAL REPORT

Cash NPAT

Loan impairment expense decreased
$84 million or 19% due to lower individual
and collective provision charges.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Business Banking

Cash NPAT was $4,092 million, an increase
of $302 million or 8% on FY24. Total
operating income increased $547 million or
6% reflecting above system business lending
growth, higher equities trading volumes, FX
payments and interest rate hedge volumes.
This was partly offset by a decrease in
margins due to unfavourable portfolio mix
and increased competition and funding costs.

SUSTAINABILITY

2.50%

Cash NPAT was $5,395 million, an increase
of $130 million or 2% on FY24. Total
operating income increased $359 million
or 3% reflecting deposit and lending
balance growth, and higher earnings on the
replicating portfolio and equity, partly offset
by lower deposit and home lending margins
mainly due to competition.

34

35
COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT
OVERVIEW
SUSTAINABILITY

Our governance approach is based on
accountability, effective delegation and
appropriate oversight to support sound
decision making. We work to deliver balanced
outcomes for stakeholders and sustainable
returns for our shareholders.

CREATING VALUE

Our approach
to corporate
governance

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Page

Our corporate governance framework

38

Our Board in action

39

Key areas of Board discussion in 2025

42

Board stakeholder engagement

46

Board performance, composition and renewal

47

Board skills and experience

49

Board of Directors

50

Executive Leadership Team

54

See our Corporate Governance Statement at commbank.com/corporategovernance

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

36

FINANCIAL REPORT

Message from our Chair

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

In this section

36

OUR APPROACH TO CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

37
COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Message from
our Chair

Board strategic priorities

Being the ‘Bank for all Australians’
is at the heart of our strategy.
However, there is a real cost to
providing financial services including
branches and ATMs, our people, call
centres, cash transit and regulatory
compliance. To sustainably deliver good
outcomes for our customers, people
and communities, we also need to
generate shareholder returns.

Learn more about how we manage risk
on pages 58–67.

Executive oversight
Your Board plays a key role in
appointing the CEO and ensuring
appropriate succession plans.
Attracting, developing and retaining
Executive talent with the right skills
and values, at all levels, is needed to
deliver our strategic ambition and
enhance franchise value.

Learn more about our approach to
remuneration on pages 182–218.

Board effectiveness
Through robust agenda planning,
we continue to pay careful attention
to the time given to different
issues for discussion to enable the
Board to effectively deliberate and
resolve matters.
Having a balanced mix of skills,
experience and perspectives to
address current and emerging risks

Closing
Being the Chair of CBA, responsible
for steering the Bank during uncertain
times, is a significant responsibility.
It would not be possible without the
support of my fellow Directors, and
hard work of our dedicated leadership
team and people who want to exceed
our customers’ expectations. I extend
my thanks to our loyal and diverse
customers who choose to bank with us,
the communities we support, and you,
our shareholders.
Historically, in challenging times, the
strength of CBA has provided peace
of mind for customers and created
value for our shareholders. CBA’s
strategy is positioned to respond to
the opportunities and challenges over
the next decade. Our balance sheet
strength and operational resilience is in
place to support our customers and the
country when they need us most.

Paul O’Malley
Chair

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Our refreshed strategy elevates our
focus on supporting the national agenda,
prioritises investment in technology that
provides customers with better, faster
and safer banking, and invests in our
people and branches to better serve
our customers and communities.

History has also taught us that
sustained profitability which generates
organic capital underpins strong
investor support for the sector.
This enables banks to fund the country
and ensure an equitable approach
to rates for our depositors and
mortgage holders.

Overseeing non-financial risks
continues to be a key focus for the
Board. This includes understanding the
steps being taken to protect the Bank
and its customers from cyber security
threats and financial crime. This year
management walked the Board through
a real-life disruption scenario to help
us better understand the impacts to
customers and the Bank to inform our
risk tolerance and business continuity
plans for critical operations.

Our long-term remuneration is
designed to support a collective focus
on generating sustainable long-term
value and comply with requirements
under APRA Prudential Standard
CPS 511. Through the granting of
equity instruments with long vesting
periods, we reinforce the alignment
of Executives’ experience with that of
our shareholders. For example, when
shareholder returns are less favourable,
Executives share the impact in lower
vesting outcomes and a reduction in
the value of their long-term holdings,
although we acknowledge the outcome
for Executives can still be positive.

FINANCIAL REPORT

This year the Board has again spent
considerable time challenging our
strategy settings given our operating
context and the strategic risks that
affect our operations. We have met with
a broad range of stakeholders to provide
perspective and challenge our thinking
on risks and opportunities. These have
included customers, employees, policy
makers and energy companies.

The Bank continues to have a
well-developed approach to managing
financial risks. We also remain focused
on retaining the important progress we
have made in managing non-financial
risks while pursuing excellence in
customer service.

Learn more about our approach to
Board composition, renewal and skills
on pages 47–49.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Australia has had a fortunate 30 years
with our economy, living standards
and wealth growing faster than most
developed countries. More recently,
a sustained increase in the cost of
living and cost of running a business
has weighed on Australian households
and businesses. We have a collective
responsibility to help Australia
meet today’s challenges including
housing affordability, improved living
standards, inclusive growth and
energy supply. The economy needs
to remain fair, accessible, work for a
broad range of stakeholders and support
all Australians. It is essential for the next
generation to feel optimistic that they
can get ahead, have job prospects, buy
a home, and start or grow a business.

The resilience of the economy is
linked to the resilience of our financial
system. A strong banking system
is dependent on banks maintaining
strong balance sheets. The Board
fully supports management decisions
that strengthen our balance sheet
rather than temporarily maximise
short-term earnings.

Our annual review of the Risk
Management Declaration (RMD) saw us
continue our focus on financial crime,
cyber security and operational resilience.

The Board has designed our framework
to provide the right balance between
delivering shareholder returns,
customer outcomes and investing for
the future. Our frameworks enable us
to hold management to account and
not overweight any one factor.

During the year, the Board has
welcomed two new directors. In
October 2024, Kate Howitt was
appointed as an independent
Non-Executive Director. Kate brings
experience in strategy and stakeholder
management, particularly a strong
investor perspective. In March 2025,
Alistair Currie joined the Board.
Alistair has a strong background in
banking with executive experience in
institutional and business banking,
transaction banking, as well as
technology and operations.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Our purpose and refreshed strategy focuses us on
supporting Australia’s prosperity over the coming
decade. With continuing global uncertainty, our
long-term decision making and strong balance sheet
positions CBA to support our customers and the nation.

Global events and previous cycles
have taught us the value of having
funding flexibility, strong provisions,
appropriate capital levels and balance
sheet strength. Shocks are difficult
to foresee but can drive up funding
costs and result in a loss of confidence
in financial institutions. Economic
downturns put pressure on asset
quality, profitability and capital.

Maintaining strong governance, having
the right organisational culture and
instilling accountability is essential
for delivering good risk outcomes.
The Board establishes the strategic
objectives and risk appetite for the
Bank. This is informed by the Risk &
Compliance Committee and Audit
Committee programs of work, as well
as our operating environment.

Our skills matrix is regularly reviewed.
To get the long-term settings right,
the Board requires deep banking;
strategy; technology; regulation and
risk; customer; operational expertise
running large businesses; and financial
decision-making experience.

SUSTAINABILITY

Financial system resilience,
balance sheet strength and
organic capital generation

Managing our key risks

It is not uncommon to hear from
shareholders that they would like to
see a performance and remuneration
framework with greater weighting
given to financial measures, to
incentivise stronger alignment to
shareholder returns. We agree with
APRA that non-financial measures
are important. We recognise the risk
that a framework with more emphasis
on earnings may bias management
to make short-term decisions that
are not in the long-term interests of
shareholders, customers and the wider
Australian economy.

and opportunities, and facilitating
robust discussions remains a key focus.

CREATING VALUE

Learn more about our strategy
on pages 16–25.

Learn more about our financial
performance on pages 26–33.

The Board engages with the Executive
Leadership Team (ELT) regularly.
The People & Remuneration Committee
reviews Executives’ performance
through robust discussions to
determine remuneration outcomes.

OVERVIEW

With challenging domestic issues
and heightened geopolitical tensions,
it is more important than ever
that our financial institutions have
strong and resilient balance sheets
and take a long-term approach to
decision making.

Generating returns above the cost of
capital is a non-negotiable for banks
to be able to support services for all
Australians, the economy, invest in
the future and deliver sustainable
returns. We must remain vigilant in
delivering safe and exceptional banking
services efficiently.

OUR APPROACH TO CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

39
COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Our Board in action

The Board oversees the Bank’s corporate governance framework. The framework
is designed to enable sound and prudent management, provide leadership and
strategic guidance, and deliver the Bank’s purpose.

Board planning and agenda setting

So that the Board and Committees’ time is used efficiently, and discussions reflect the Bank’s priorities, agendas are reviewed
by the respective Chairs, in consultation with the Group Company Secretary and the CEO. Forward planners help provide a
comprehensive view of upcoming agendas, allowing for adjustments as priorities evolve. The Board retains flexibility for ad hoc
matters to be discussed at meetings where appropriate.

Board

Effective communication between management and the Board ahead of Board and Committee meetings is facilitated through
management input into certain agenda items and attending pre-meetings with Committee Chairs and the Group Company
Secretary. After Board and Committee meetings, follow up actions are shared to clarify the requests of management. To
promote effective decision making and a consistent approach to writing papers, Board and Committee paper templates are
available and training on writing papers is offered to preparers, throughout the year.

Audit
Committee

Risk & Compliance
Committee

Nominations
Committee

People &
Remuneration
Committee

Asset &
Liability
Committee

Financial Risk
Committee

Non-Financial
Risk
Committee

Risk &
Remuneration
Review
Committee

Board meetings

Strategy deep dives

The CEO and Executives provide regular reports to the Board.
In this way, the Board receives an update on the Group’s
performance and the performance of each Executive’s
business or support unit. Progress against strategy is a
key component of these reports. Standalone agenda items
relating to strategic matters are also discussed at each
multi-day Board meeting. The topics discussed throughout
the year include the Business Plan and reports on customers,
business performance, operating environment, acquisitions,
technology strategy and environmental strategy. The Board
and Committee Chairs are responsible for fostering open,
inclusive, and where appropriate, robust discussion and debate.

The Board held two strategy deep dives this year. These
were opportunities for the Board to reflect on the strategy,
consider the evolving external environment, review progress
against the Bank’s priorities and identify opportunities to do
more. This included breakout topic sessions for the Board,
as well as input from external subject matter experts. In
December, the Directors considered the Bank’s historical and
future operating context to inform our refreshed strategy.
The refreshed strategy, how we will measure success, key
enablers and execution priorities for next year were discussed
at the April strategy deep dive.

Business Unit
and Support
Unit Leadership
Teams

Environment
& Social
Committee

Asset &
Liability
Sub-Committee

Business Unit and
Support Unit
Financial Risk
Committees

Business Unit and
Support Unit
Non-Financial
Risk Committees

Business Unit and
Support Unit Risk &
Remuneration
Review Committees

The Board receives management reports on sustainability-related topics. For example, this year the Board approved the
diversity, equity and inclusion 2025–2028 strategy, including our gender equity action plan.

Arrows represent examples of how information can flow between business units, support units, management committees and the Board.
Other matters may be escalated directly to the Board, Board Committee or Management Committee in line with their respective charters.

See our Board and Committee charters at commbank.com.au/corporategovernance
For information on how we govern climate-related risks and opportunities, see pages 135–140 and for risk management oversight,
see pages 62–63.

For more information on risk management oversight, see pages 62–63.
For more information on the Board’s strategic consideration of climate-related issues, see page 137.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

The Board also considers the environmental and social (E&S) impact of the Bank’s activities and oversees management of
climate risk, within the Bank’s overall business strategy and risk appetite. The Board holds the CEO and ELT accountable for
delivering their E&S responsibilities. For example, ahead of review by the Board, the Financial Risk Committee reviewed the
results of the annual climate risk materiality assessment.

FINANCIAL REPORT

Oversight of material sustainability-related risks and opportunities

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Executive Leadership
Team

Our governance practices play an essential role in providing oversight of the Bank’s operations and contribute to the
development of our strategy. The Board is responsible for endorsing strategic and business unit plans to be implemented by
management. This includes approving financial plans, which incorporate strategic and other perspectives. The Board oversees
the strategy through Board meetings and strategy deep dives.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Management-level committees

Overseeing the delivery of our strategy

SUSTAINABILITY

The Board has established four standing Committees to assist it in carrying out its functions. Board Committee roles and
responsibilities are detailed in their respective charters. Each Committee makes recommendations to the Board in relation to
matters for which they are responsible. Each Board Committee also makes decisions on specific matters, where authorised by
the Board to do so.

CREATING VALUE

The Board’s responsibilities include setting strategic objectives and risk appetite, and expectations for the Group’s values and
desired culture, including approving our Code of Conduct.

This year the Board held 12 meetings, including six multi-day Board and Committee meetings with structured agendas,
six shorter Board meetings and two strategy deep dives, which were held as part of the multi-day Board meetings. Certain
CBA Directors also met with non-executive directors of Commonwealth Bank of Australia (Europe) N.V. and ASB, as well as
senior executives of CBA India. There is also engagement between Committee Chairs and their equivalent at Commonwealth
Securities Limited (CommSec).

OVERVIEW

Our corporate governance framework

Independent
assurance and advice
including internal
and external audit

38

40

OUR APPROACH TO CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

41

Committee matters

The Board discusses a range of topics where they are responsible for oversight. The table below outlines
significant agenda items at the six multi-day Board meetings during the year. Agenda items may consist
of several consolidated issues considered by the Board. The table is not exhaustive.

Committee matters are a standing agenda item at each multi-day Board meeting.

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Board activities

Board meetings
Aug 24

Oct 24

Dec 24

Feb 25

Apr 25

Jun 25

Agenda item

Strategy

Strategy deep dives

Acquisitions (incl. divestments)
Business plan
Environmental 1

Customers and
communities

Complaints update

Social

Trust, reputation and brand
Customer journeys

Organisation
and people

Health, safety and wellbeing
Organisational culture; diversity, equity and inclusion

Business
performance
Financial reporting
and disclosures

Management reports
Dividend recommendation and capital update

Financial risk report
Funding and liquidity
Capital management
Economic update
Non-Financial Risk Committee report

Operational resilience
Legal report
Regulatory, policy and breach report
Meetings with regulators 2

Concurrent meeting considers risk, behaviours, values,
remuneration and performance outcomes for the CEO and Group
Executives 1 and the performance of the Group Auditor

The Audit Committee, People & Remuneration Committee and Risk & Compliance Committee meet six times per year, or more
frequently if necessary. The Nominations Committee meets at least four times per year, or more often as needed.
Typically Committees consider an agenda item in detail and make recommendations to the Board. In certain circumstances a
Committee will make a decision independently, such as the People & Remuneration Committee setting and reviewing the fee
framework for non-executive directors on certain CBA subsidiary boards.
Committee charters and forward planners guide the matters considered. This helps to facilitate effective and timely
information flows between Committees to assist the Board with clear oversight of matters through to resolution. After each
meeting, a report and recommendation paper is provided to the Board. The Chair of each Committee presents the report at the
next Board meeting. Minutes of meetings are available to all Directors.
Concurrent meetings of the four Board Committees occured twice this year to consider remuneration and performance
outcomes for Executives 1 and performance outcomes for the Group Auditor. Remuneration outcomes for the CEO and Group
Executives include the consideration of sustained performance across both financial and non-financial measures, including
shareholder, customer, people and leadership, and strategy execution. The concurrent meeting also considers relevant risk and
audit matters, and positive and negative risk behaviours, which may result in the upward or downward adjustment, including
a reduction to zero, of executive remuneration outcomes. Concurrent meetings occur when the People & Remuneration
Committee meets concurrently with the Nominations Committee, Risk & Compliance Committee and Audit Committee. The
concurrent meeting also facilitates information sharing on key matters to enable ongoing oversight of risks, behaviours, values,
remuneration and performance outcomes for Executives. 1

Corporate governance report
Charter adequacy and fulfillment
Review and approval of new and revised policies
Board and Committee performance and evaluation

Committee key focus areas this year
Audit Committee

Nominations Committee

Risk & Compliance Committee

• Reviewing significant accounting
and financial reporting processes
and issues.

• Board renewal.

• Reviewing the Group RAS and
recommending it to the Board
for approval.

• Monitoring the Bank’s internal
control environment.

• Subsidiary governance.

• Reviewing key audit findings
and insights.
• Monitoring the progress of the
remediation of audit findings, and
reporting from the Group Audit &
Assurance function.
• Reviewing and making
recommendations to the Board
in relation to the full and half year
financial results and Basel lll Pillar 3
reports (Pillar 3 reports).
• Reviewing reporting on the SpeakUP
Program and workplace misconduct
including matters being investigated,
themes and trends.

• Director induction and education
program review.
• Board diversity.

People & Remuneration Committee
• Receiving reports on the health,
safety and wellbeing of employees.
• Reviewing talent development and
succession plans for senior leaders
and other critical roles.
• Reviewing remuneration and
recognition strategies and programs.
• Reviewing measurable
diversity objectives.
• Reviewing and making
recommendations to the Board
in relation to the organisational
culture plan.

• Reviewing the key risk frameworks
and policies relating to the Bank’s
material risk types, other than those
delegated to management.
• Reviewing the RMD and following
through on focus areas.
• Monitoring the management of
financial crime risks.
• Receiving reports on the Bank’s
significant emerging risks and the
key actions being taken in response
to them.
• Reviewing risk culture, including the
annual risk culture assessment.

For more information on performance and remuneration, see pages 182–218 of our Remuneration report.
1 For more information on climate matters discussed by the Board, see page 136.
2 Meetings with regulators may be adjacent to Board meetings.

1 The Board of ASB retains direct responsibility for any decision relating to the appointment, and performance and remuneration, of its Chief Executive Officer.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Governance
and policy

Committee updates, reports and recommendations

FINANCIAL REPORT

Insurance program update

Legal
and regulatory

Jun 25

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Full and half year financial results

Non-financial risks

Apr 25

Basel III Pillar 3 reports
Investor relations update

Financial risks

Feb 25

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Talent and succession

Dec 24

SUSTAINABILITY

Environmental
and social

Oct 24

CREATING VALUE

Technology strategy

Aug 24

OVERVIEW

Committee matters
Board meetings

42

OUR APPROACH TO CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

43
COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Key areas of Board discussion in 2025

The Board’s focus included the management of
financial risks such as funding and liquidity, and
non-financial risks, including fraud and scams, privacy
and financial crime compliance. Key activities included:

• Overseeing the Bank’s Risk Management
Framework, its operation by management,
and receiving regular reports on financial
and non-financial risk.

Our people

Government
and regulators

Suppliers

Investors

Strategy is considered at each multi-day Board
meeting. Key activities included:
• Receiving updates on the technology strategy with
a focus on AI strategy, which includes data and AI.

Material themes
Customer experience, support
and community impact

Engaged and
supported workforce

Governance, culture
and accountability

Cyber security, privacy
and data management

Digitisation, innovation
and AI

Climate change

• Reviewing regular reports from the CEO and
Executives on business performance.
• Considering and approving the FY25–27 Business
Plan and considering the draft Group FY26–28
Business Plan.
• Receiving regular updates on acquisition and
divestment activity.

Customers

Our people

Communities,
industry groups
and society

Investors

Government
and regulators

Suppliers

Material themes
Customer experience, support
and community impact

Engaged and
supported workforce

Governance, culture
and accountability

Cyber security, privacy
and data management

Digitisation, innovation
and AI

Climate change
SUSTAINABILITY

• Approving revised risk-related policies including the
Group Conflicts Management Policy, and the annual
Group Aggregate Risk Exposures Policy and Group
Liquidity Policy reviews.

Customers

Key stakeholders

• Overseeing updates on implementation of
CPS 230.

• Monitoring the Bank’s risk culture.
• Noting and discussing the key outcomes of the
renewal of the Bank’s insurance program.

• Monitoring the progress of customer
remediation initiatives.
• Reviewing reporting on CBA’s performance on
trust, reputation and brand, considering the link
between trust and advocacy, and our broader
contribution to the community.

Operational resilience and CPS 230

Artificial Intelligence

The Risk & Compliance Committee supported the Board through
regular reporting on the Group’s progress on the implementation
of CPS 230 including recommending business continuity plans
and associated tolerance levels for Board approval. The Board
also attended a focused education session on operational
resilience and CPS 230.

This year the Board continued its focus on AI given the
rapidly evolving AI landscape. Key areas of focus included
data, engineering productivity, financial crime, fraud
and scams, relationship management and operations.
Discussion also included the strategic alliance with
Anthropic and the focus on aligning the AI strategy
with our purpose of building a brighter future for all.

People and culture

Key stakeholders
Customers

Communities,
industry groups
and society

Government
and regulators

Material themes
Customer experience, support
and community impact

Governance, culture
and accountability

Cyber security, privacy
and data management

Digitisation, innovation
and AI

• Reviewing reports on customer complaints.

• Hearing from the Customer Advocate and the Chair
of the Indigenous Advisory Council.

Spotlight

Customer experience
The Board considered the Bank’s approach to a customer’s
end-to-end experience, or journey. This included how
customer journeys are mapped to understand customer
experience, breakpoints and how key customer interactions
will be measured.

• Approving changes to the Code of Conduct.
• Approving the diversity, equity and
inclusion 2025–2028 strategy, including the
gender equity action plan.

Our people

Investors

Government
and regulators

Material themes
Engaged and
supported workforce

Governance, culture
and accountability

Digitisation, innovation
and AI

• Considering and discussing reports related
to health, safety and wellbeing, including
incident trends, significant investigations and
assurance activity.
• Reviewing the Group’s remuneration strategies
and remuneration outcomes for the CEO, the
CEO’s direct reports and other specified roles.
• Considering the Executive Remuneration
Framework.

Spotlight

Code of conduct
This year the Board reviewed and approved an update to
our Code of Conduct, to explain the importance of first
asking ‘Must We?’ and ‘Can We?’ to comply with our legal
and regulatory obligations, before asking ‘Should We?’.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

• Monitoring the progress of the activities to reach
our superior customer experience ambition.

The Board regularly addresses a range of
people- and culture-related topics and issues.
Key activities included:

Key stakeholders

FINANCIAL REPORT

The Board actively monitored a range of
customer-related topics and initiatives this year.
Key activities included:

Spotlight

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Fairer treatment of customers

Spotlight

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

• As required by APRA’s Prudential Standard CPS
220 Risk Management (CPS 220), delivering an
annual risk management declaration to APRA that
the Risk Management Framework is adequately
designed and operating effectively.

CREATING VALUE

• Approving the risk management approach and
changes to the risk appetite statement.

Strategy and business performance

Key stakeholders

OVERVIEW

Risk management

44

OUR APPROACH TO CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

45
COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Key areas of Board discussion in 2025 continued

The Board remained focused on operational
excellence and driving growth in its core banking
businesses, as well as prudent balance sheet and
capital management. Key activities included:

Cyber security

Key stakeholders
Investors

Government
and regulators

Customers

Material themes

The Board is responsible for overseeing the
management of strategic and emerging material risks,
including cyber security risks. Key activities included:

Key stakeholders
Customers

Government
and regulators

Investors

Material themes
Governance, culture
and accountability

• Approving the FY24 full year and FY25 half year
financial results.

• Receiving updates on cyber security risk from
the Risk & Compliance Committee.

Cyber security, privacy
and data management

Digitisation, innovation
and AI

• Approving the FY24 final dividend and the
FY25 interim dividend.

• Monitoring the cyber incident response plan
for the Bank.

• Receiving and considering regular reports from
management in relation to the Bank’s funding,
capital management and liquidity positions.

• Continuing focus on cyber security at
both the December 2024 and April 2025
strategy deep-dives.

Spotlight

Spotlight

Capital management

Approach to cyber security risk

The Board is responsible for approving capital management
initiatives. This year activities included approving the Bank’s
internal capital adequacy assessment process, which assesses
the Group’s current and future capital adequacy, and the
Group’s plan and processes to manage its capital. The Board
also approved changes to the Group Capital Policy and the
Capital Management of Subsidiaries and Branches Policy.

The Risk & Compliance Committee supported the Board by
reviewing the Bank’s risk-based approach to technology and
cyber security controls. This included considering the use of
risk scenarios to support the assessment of cyber security
risk exposure and associated remediation activities.

Environmental and social

Key stakeholders

• Considering regular updates on the Bank’s
E&S program.
• Approving the 2024 Modern Slavery Statement.

• Considering and approving the FY26–28
Reconciliation Action Plan.

Investors

Government
and regulators

• Reviewing regular reporting on technology
management and technology strategy.

Customers

Material themes
Customer experience, support
and community impact

Engaged and
supported workforce

Governance, culture
and accountability

Climate change

Spotlight
The Board reviews and approves the Bank’s Modern Slavery
reporting annually. The 2024 Modern Slavery Statement builds
on previous disclosures, refers to our public commitments
in relation to modern slavery, and demonstrates continued
progress in assessing and addressing the risk of modern
slavery in our business operations and supply chain.

• Receiving reports from the Risk & Compliance
Committee on technology risk.
• Considering updates on our technology
modernisation.

Our people

Investors

Government
and regulators

Material themes
Engaged and
supported workforce

Governance, culture
and accountability

Cyber security, privacy
and data management

Digitisation, innovation
and AI

• Monitoring the progress on workforce mix to
include technology talent, including AI, data
and engineering.
• Monitoring the progress on technology to
accelerate the adoption of AI, GenAI and
build proficiency.

Spotlight

Technology modernisation
The Board oversees execution of our technology strategy,
including IT infrastructure modernisation. The Bank is
focused on modernising our technology estate to address
technology resilience, stability and security risks. The Board
attended a dedicated education session on technology
modernisation.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Modern Slavery Statement

For more information on climate-related areas of Board
and Committee discussion in 2025, see page 136.

Technology is a key area of focus for the Board.
Key activities included:

Key stakeholders

FINANCIAL REPORT

• Considering updates on the Bank’s social impact,
including the Reconciliation Action Plan.

Communities,
industry groups
and society

Technology

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

The Board is responsible for considering the E&S
impact of the Bank’s activities, overseeing adherence
to the E&S Framework and approving climate-related
disclosures. Key activities included:

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

• Noting and discussing simplification and
cost strategies.

SUSTAINABILITY

Customer experience, support
and community impact

• Monitoring the Bank’s operating performance.

CREATING VALUE

• Overseeing the execution of our cyber
security strategy.

Governance, culture
and accountability

OVERVIEW

Financial oversight

46

OUR APPROACH TO CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Stakeholders

Customers

The Board recognises that to
deliver long-term sustainable
outcomes for our stakeholders,
we must understand the
expectations of, and impact
on, the communities in which
we operate.

• The Board received a report on CBA’s performance on trust, reputation and
brand, with a focus on the issues that matter most to our customers and
the community.

The Board places high
importance on overseeing
the execution of the strategy
and understanding what
impacts investor sentiment, so
we remain well positioned to
deliver sustainable long-term
value for our shareholders.

• To better understand key themes, the Chair met with leading proxy holders,
proxy advisors and more than 30 investors ahead of CBA’s 2024 AGM through
one-on-one and group meetings.

The Board is focused
on ensuring meaningful
engagement with both
government and regulators
to continue to build
constructive relationships.
The Board recognises
the important role that
suppliers play in helping us
deliver our strategy, and
supports CBA’s investment
in strategic partnerships.

• The OCP also included insights from the 2024 annual people and culture deep
dive survey and qualitative discussions, which provided employee perspectives.

• The Board approved CBA’s FY26–28 Reconciliation Action Plan, guided by
the Indigenous Advisory Council and Indigenous Leadership Team.

• The Board receives regular updates on topics and issues raised by our retail
and institutional shareholders.

• The Board regularly engages with regulators such as APRA, ASIC, Australian
Transaction Reports and Analysis Centre (AUSTRAC) and the RBA to discuss
key industry issues.
• In August 2024, the CEO appeared before the House of Representatives
Economics Committee.
• Ahead of the Bank’s expansion of its strategic alliance with Anthropic,
its CEO and co-founder addressed the Board on the evolution of AI.

To better understand customer needs, the Board met with customers in Adelaide across sectors such as
construction, building supplies, engineering, energy, retail and agriculture. These discussions offered valuable insights
into our customers’ business operations, challenges, growth opportunities and what their expectations may be of CBA.

Board renewal and orderly transitions are important for ensuring effective and
sustainable Board performance. The Board skills matrix and the CBA Board
Appointment, Renewal and Performance Policy frame the ongoing Board renewal
process. These work together so that prescribed skills and experience are present
within the Board and address the Bank’s existing and emerging strategic, business
and governance issues.
The Board remains focused on ongoing renewal and succession. Consideration is given
to diversity, background, experience and skills. There have been several changes to the
composition of the Board and certain Committees this year.

0–1 years
1–3 years
3–6 years
6–9 years
9+ years

20%
10%
30%
30%
10%

Board diversity

Kate Howitt was appointed as an independent Non-Executive Director from
1 October 2024. Kate has significant experience in matters relating to strategy,
capital allocation, stakeholder management and sustainability.
Alistair Currie was appointed as an independent Non-Executive Director from
31 March 2025. Alistair has extensive international banking experience, having held
roles in Australia, the United Kingdom, the United States, Asia and the Middle East.
On 16 October 2024, Anne Templeman-Jones retired from the Board as an
independent Non-Executive Director, Chair of the Audit Committee and member of
the Risk & Compliance Committee.
Following the retirement of Anne Templeman-Jones, Peter Harmer commenced as Chair
of the Audit Committee, member of the Risk & Compliance Committee and stepped
down from his role as a member of the People & Remuneration Committee. Lyn Cobley
was subsequently appointed as a member of the People & Remuneration Committee.

Male
Female

60%
40%

Board performance evaluation
Continuously monitoring and improving its performance, as well as that of its
Committees and individual Directors, remains important to the Board. Under its Charter,
the Board must annually assess its performance and the performance of individual
Directors. Additionally, an external performance review of the Board and Committees is
required at least every three years.
In 2024, an independent external evaluation assessed the performance of the Board, each
Committee and individual Directors. The process included observation of Board meetings,
and the completion of a survey and interviews with Directors, Executives, the Group
Auditor and the Group Company Secretary. It also evaluated the effectiveness of Board
and Committee processes, the appropriateness of meeting agendas, and the timeliness
and adequacy of papers. The findings were presented to the Board in August 2024.
An internal review was carried out in 2025. The process involved the completion of a
survey by Directors, Executives, the Group Auditor and the Group Company Secretary
covering matters such as roles and responsibilities, effectiveness, engagement and
reporting. A performance review report was prepared and provided to the Board.
The Chair also met with each of the participating Directors to share two-way feedback.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Hearing directly from our customers

Board renewal

FINANCIAL REPORT

Partners and
suppliers

• With support from the People & Remuneration Committee, the Board
approved the initiatives outlined in the 2025 organisational culture plan (OCP).
The culture initiatives will be periodically assessed and evaluated.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Government
and
regulators

The Board actively monitors
the Bank’s culture, seeking to
ensure the lived experience of
our people aligns with CBA’s
purpose and values, and that
they are supported and skilled
for the future.

• The Board received an update on the Customer Advocate’s accountabilities
and priorities, along with opportunities for the Bank to further improve
customer and community outcomes.

As at 30 June 2025, the Board had 10 Directors: nine independent Non-Executive
Directors and the CEO. With the assistance of the Nominations Committee, the
Board regularly reviews its size and composition, and considers factors including
independence, skills, experience and diversity of views.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Investors

• Prior to our annual general meeting (AGM), as part of the Board’s ongoing
commitment to better understanding customer needs, the Directors met with
South Australian customers to hear about their experiences and challenges.

Board tenure

SUSTAINABILITY

Community

The Board has an ongoing
commitment to ensuring
the customer experience is
considered in decision making,
and that customer needs
are being met through the
Bank’s strategy.

The Board recognises the importance of having Directors
with an appropriate mix of skills, experience and diversity
to support sound decision making.

CREATING VALUE

Our people

Board activities

Board performance,
composition and renewal

OVERVIEW

Stakeholder engagement is a core skill for the Directors and the Board recognises the importance
of having an effective stakeholder engagement program in place. Meeting with internal and external
stakeholders builds a better understanding of their diverse views.

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Board stakeholder engagement

47

48

OUR APPROACH TO CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Board education and training
The Nominations Committee is responsible for overseeing the Non-Executive Director induction program and appropriate
continuing education opportunities for Directors, as well as periodically reviewing whether there is a need for existing
Directors to undertake additional professional development.

Board skills and experience
The Matrix sets out the skills and experience considered essential to the effectiveness of the Board and its Committees.
It is used to guide the Board renewal process.
Each year the Directors, including the Chair, self-assess their individual skills and experience. Self-assessment ratings and
the Matrix are reviewed by the Nominations Committee, which makes recommendations for approval by the Board.
For more information on the Board’s climate-related training, skills and experience, see page 136.

Key components of Director training and education

Skills and experience

Relevance to CBA

Leadership

Induction program

9

This year new Non-Executive Directors, Kate Howitt and Alistair
Currie, attended customised induction programs, delivered as part of a
multi-stage process.

Financial services
6

3

Financial acumen
8

Incorporated into the Board calendar to enable Directors to develop and
maintain skills and knowledge that support the Board’s decision making.
To upskill our Board, targeted education sessions were provided which
included presentations from external subject matter experts. Over the last
12 months this has covered topics such as Australia’s energy transition,
technology modernisation and CPS 230.
In addition, the Board participated in an educational trip to Asia to explore
topics relevant to CBA’s context. This is an important part of the Board’s
annual strategy calendar, serving as a source of new ideas and learning.

10

Governance
8

Risk management
8

Provided to all Directors.
This year included a refresher on key directors’ duties and evolving
areas such as cyber, AI and CPS 230. Additional training was also
provided on the Financial Accountability Regime, whistleblowing and key
regulatory obligations.

Directors are required to complete training on Group policies. In 2025 this
included topics such as financial crime compliance, privacy, workplace
health and safety, information security including cyber security, our Code
of Conduct and conflicts of interest.

2

2

Digital and technology
3

5

2

Enhanced customer outcomes
7

2

1

Stakeholder engagement
9

1

People and culture
1

Environment and social
3

7

Proficiency in financial accounting and reporting,
capital management and/or actuarial experience.

Assessing complex financial and
capital management initiatives.

Experience in leading, developing or executing
strategic business objectives, including bringing
to bear a global perspective.

Reviewing and setting the
organisational strategy in a
global context.

Experience as a non-executive director of a listed
entity (Australia or overseas) and/or understanding
of legal and regulatory frameworks underpinning
corporate governance principles.

Understanding local and offshore
legal and regulatory frameworks
to effectively perform the role
of Director.

Experience in identifying, assessing and monitoring
systemic, existing and emerging financial and
non-financial risks.

Monitoring risk appetite, assessing
the overall risk profile and adapting
to emerging trends.

Experience in technology, use of data and
analytics, digital transformation and innovation
and their impacts on customer experiences, cyber
security and other technology risks.

Supporting the Bank’s
digital strategy.

Understanding of the changing needs of customers
with a focus on improving their financial wellbeing and
enhancing their experience.

Providing constructive challenge
to support the Bank to meet the
needs of its customers.

Experience in building and maintaining trusted
and collaborative relationships with governments,
regulators and/or community partners.

Monitoring that an effective
engagement program with
regulators and other stakeholders
is in place.

Understanding organisational culture, succession
planning, and remuneration and reward frameworks.

Overseeing the culture of the
Group and upholding the Code
of Conduct.

Understanding the potential risks and opportunities
from an environmental and social perspective.

Influencing sustainable practices,
policies and decisions that support
environmental and social outcomes.

High competency, knowledge and experience

Practised or direct experience

Awareness

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

9

Appreciation of the operational
landscape, opportunities and
challenges in the sector.

FINANCIAL REPORT

Group mandatory
learning

Strategy and global perspective

Experience in the financial services sector and
regulation, including retail and commercial banking
services and adjacent sectors.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Annual directors’
duties training

1 1

Setting strategy and evaluating
the performance of senior leaders.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Continuing
education program

1

Held senior leadership role such as CEO or
similar position in an organisation of significant
size or complexity.

SUSTAINABILITY

Assists new Non-Executive Directors in understanding the Bank’s operations
including governance, risk management, technology strategy and cyber
security, E&S issues, audit, and regulatory and compliance matters.

1

CREATING VALUE

Board skills matrix

OVERVIEW

Providing Directors with opportunities to enhance their skills and knowledge is essential for them to perform effectively.

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Board performance, composition and renewal continued

49

50

OUR APPROACH TO CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

51

Lyn Cobley BEc, GAICD, SF Fin
Independent Non-Executive Director

Appointed: 1 October 2022
Chair and Independent Non-Executive Director

Tenure: 6 –9 years
Age: 61 years

Independent Non-Executive Director

Directorships of other Australian listed entities in the last three years
Coles Group Limited (October 2020–October 2023).

Matt Comyn BAv, MCom, EMBA, GMP

Residence: Sydney, Australia

Appointed: 31 March 2025
Tenure: 0–1 years

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

Age: 57 years

Contribution to the Board
Matt has over 25 years’ experience in banking across business, institutional
and retail, and has held a number of senior leadership roles since joining the
Bank in 1999. From 2012, until Matt’s appointment as Chief Executive Officer,
he was Group Executive Retail Banking Services and led the development of
digital products and services for the Bank. Between 2006 and 2010, Matt
was Managing Director of the Bank’s online share trading business, CommSec,
overseeing a significant modernisation of its technology platform, and growing
market share and profitability. Matt serves as a Council Member of the
Department of Home Affairs Executive Cyber Council.

Residence: London, England

Independent Non-Executive Director

Directorships of other Australian listed entities in the last three years
Nil.

Tenure: 3–6 years
Audit

Risk & Compliance

People & Remuneration

Anne Templeman-Jones retired as a Non-Executive Director on 16 October 2024.

Committee Chair

Age: 54 years
Residence: Copenhagen, Denmark
Board Committees:

Contribution to the Board
Julie is an experienced financial services professional with substantial banking,
strategy, risk and regulatory experience. She brings more than 20 years’
experience as an Executive and a Director in major European financial services
organisations. Julie held a number of leadership positions with Nordea Bank
Abp, including the role of Group Chief Risk Officer. She served with the Danish
Financial Services Authority, as Deputy Director General, and served on the
Management Board of the European Securities and Markets Authority. Julie is
the former Chairman of the board of Fundamental Fondsmæglerselskab A/S.
Current external appointments
Chairperson of each of Gro Capital and Trifork AG, Non-Executive Director of
UniCredit SpA, and a Senior Advisor to the European Union Global AML/CFT Facility.
Directorships of other Australian listed entities in the last three years
Nil.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Appointed: 1 September 2021
Nominations

Directorships of other Australian listed entities in the last three years
Nil.

Julie Galbo LLM, Executive Management Program (INSEAD)

Current external appointments
Director of the Business Council of Australia and Financial Markets Foundation
for Children, and Council Member of the Australian Banking Association.

Board Committees

Current external appointments
Nil.

FINANCIAL REPORT

Age: 49 years

To be photographed

Contribution to the Board
Alistair has extensive international banking experience, having held roles in
Australia, the United Kingdom, the United States, Asia and the Middle East.
He has over 30 years of banking experience in the institutional, large corporate,
mid-corporate and consumer client segments, transaction banking, trade
finance, as well as technology and operations. Alistair was the Group Chief
Operating Officer at Barclays PLC, retiring from that role on 30 June 2025.
He has previously served in senior roles at ANZ Banking Group Limited and
HSBC, where he held a variety of international banking roles.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Tenure: 6 –9 years

Directorships of other Australian listed entities in the last three years
Mesoblast Limited (April 2025–present).

Alistair Currie BSc (Design and Technology), MSc (Management)

Current external appointments
Nil.

Board Committees:

Appointed: 9 April 2018

Board Committees:

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Residence: Melbourne, Australia

Residence: Sydney, Australia

Current external appointments
Council member and Chair of the finance and facilities committee at
Macquarie University.

SUSTAINABILITY

Appointed: 1 January 2019,
Chair from 10 August 2022

Contribution to the Board
Paul has broad executive leadership and operational experience. He served
as Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of BlueScope Steel Ltd
for 10 years, after joining the company as Chief Financial Officer. Previously,
he was the Chief Executive Officer of TXU Energy, a subsidiary of TXU Corp
based in Dallas, Texas. Paul has a strong background in finance and accounting,
having worked in investment banking and audit. Paul is a former Director
of the Worldsteel Association, Chair of its Nominating Committee, and
Trustee of the Melbourne Cricket Ground Trust.

Tenure: 1–3 years
Age: 62 years

CREATING VALUE

Paul O’Malley BCom, M.App Finance, ACA

OVERVIEW

A strong, diverse team with a broad and
complementary mix of skills and experience.

Contribution to the Board
Lyn is an experienced banking and financial services leader with over 30 years’
experience in senior positions at Australian and global banks. During her
executive career, Lyn was the CEO of Westpac Institutional Bank, Group
Treasurer of Commonwealth Bank of Australia, as well as holding senior
positions at Barclays Capital and Citibank Ltd. In these roles, Lyn developed
extensive knowledge of financial markets, managing through uncertainty, and
creating greater balance sheet strength and resilience to support customers
and stakeholders. This year Lyn undertook the ‘Leading the AI driven
organisation’ course at MIT in Boston.

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Board of Directors

52

OUR APPROACH TO CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

53

Simon Moutter BSc, BE (Hons), ME
Independent Non-Executive Director

Peter Harmer Harvard Advanced Management Program
Independent Non-Executive Director

Appointed: 1 March 2021
Tenure: 3–6 years
Age: 64 years
Board Committees:

Tenure: 3–6 years
Age: 65 years
Residence: Auckland, New Zealand
Board Committees:

Directorships of other Australian listed entities in the last three years
Nib holdings Ltd (July 2021–present), and AUB Group Limited
(July 2021–present).

Directorships of other Australian listed entities in the last three years
Nil.

Mary Padbury BA LLB (Hons), GAICD
Independent Non-Executive Director

Contribution to the Board
Kate has significant experience in matters relating to strategy, capital
allocation, stakeholder management and sustainability. During her executive
career, Kate held senior roles with Fidelity International, AMP Capital, AMP
Limited and The Boston Consulting Group.

Current external appointments
Chairman of the Macfarlane Burnet Institute for Medical Research and
Public Health Ltd, Board member of the Brandenburg Ensemble (Australian
Brandenburg Orchestra), the Richmond Football Club, and its wholly owned
subsidiary, Aligned Leisure Pty Ltd.

Kate Howitt B.Arts, Master of Business Administration, GAICD

Tenure: 0–1 years
Age: 56 years
Residence: Sydney, Australia

Tenure: 9+ years
Age: 66 years
Residence: Melbourne, Australia
Board Committees:

Directorships of other Australian listed entities in the last three years
Nil.

Directorships of other Australian listed entities in the last three years
Nil.

Independent Non-Executive Director

Appointed: 4 September 2017
Tenure: 6 –9 years
Age: 60 years
Residence: Sydney, Australia

Board Committees
Nominations

Audit

Risk & Compliance

People & Remuneration

Committee Chair

Board Committees:

Current external appointments
Member of the Council of the Australian National University and Chair of ASIC’s
panel conducting an Inquiry into Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) group.
Directorships of other Australian listed entities in the last three years
GPT Group (May 2020–May 2024) and Transurban Ltd
(November 2020–present).

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Contribution to the Board
Rob has extensive leadership experience across banking, finance and risk in both
the private and public sectors. During Rob’s 30 year executive career with Westpac
Banking Corporation he held a number of senior leadership positions, including
CEO of Westpac Institutional Bank, Chief Risk Officer and Group Treasurer. Rob
is a former Chair and Director of NSW Treasury Corporation, former Secretary of
NSW Treasury, and former Secretary of NSW Industrial Relations.

FINANCIAL REPORT

Rob Whitfield AM BCom, Grad Dip Banking, Grad Dip Fin, AMP, SF Fin, FAICD

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Appointed: 1 October 2024

Current external appointments
Member of the Finance & Strategy Committee and Investments Subcommittee
of the University of New South Wales, the Investment Committee of the
Australian Indigenous Education Foundation, the Investment Committee
of River Capital, a Director of The Hunger Project Australia and Senior Advisor
to The Boston Consulting Group.

Appointed: 14 June 2016

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Independent Non-Executive Director

Contribution to the Board
Mary is an intellectual property and trade practices lawyer with over 35 years’
international legal, governance and technology experience. Mary served as the
Chairman of Ashurst Australia before its full merger with Ashurst LLP, and was
the global Vice Chairman of the post-merger firm. She retired as a Partner of
Ashurst at the end of April 2018.

SUSTAINABILITY

Residence: Sydney, Australia

Current external appointments
Chair of Lawcover Insurance Pty Ltd, a member of the Bain Advisory Council,
and an Advisory Member, EXL APAC Advisory Council.

Appointed: 1 September 2020

Current external appointments
Chairman of Kainga Ora and its subsidiaries Housing New Zealand Limited and
Housing New Zealand Build Limited, Chair of three privately owned businesses
– Smart Environmental Group Ltd, Les Mills International Ltd, and Designer
Wardrobe Ltd, and Non-Executive Director of Arvida Group Limited.

CREATING VALUE

Contribution to the Board
Peter brings diversity of thought in the areas of risk, customer perspectives,
and environmental, social and governance practices. He has significant
experience in customer service and innovation within the insurance segment
and financial services, and a deep understanding of environmental principles.
Peter was previously Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of
Insurance Australia Group Ltd (IAG). Peter joined IAG in 2010 and held
a number of senior roles.

OVERVIEW

Contribution to the Board
Simon has extensive leadership experience in technology, process effectiveness
and business strategy. Simon was Managing Director of Spark New Zealand,
where he held this position for seven years until 2019. He is also a former
Chief Executive Officer of Auckland International Airport and has previously
held senior management roles in telecommunications and energy companies.

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Board of Directors continued

54

OUR APPROACH TO CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

55
COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Executive Leadership Team
Position: Group Executive, Marketing and Corporate Affairs
Appointed: September 2021

Priorities: Emma is responsible for all banking, markets and Group regulatory
operations across CBA. Her priorities are to deliver exceptional customer
experiences through operational excellence.

Priorities: Monique is responsible for leading the Bank’s marketing, brand,
customer insights, corporate affairs, communications and social impact
functions. She prioritises how we engage and communicate with our
customers, stakeholders and the broader community, leveraging insights to
stay attuned to their needs. Monique is also the Chair of the CommBank Staff
Foundation, the Bank’s charitable staff giving fund.

Experience: Emma has more than 20 years of financial services experience.
Prior to joining the Bank in 2025, she held positions as a Country Chief
Executive Officer and the UK Chief Operating Officer at HSBC. She was also
a Partner and Managing Director at the Boston Consulting Group, advising
financial services boards and executive teams.

Stuart Munro

Position: Group Chief Financial Officer
Appointed: October 2018

Position: Group Executive, Group Strategy
Appointed: March 2024

Priorities: Alan is responsible for the Group’s finance, treasury, tax, investor
relations, environmental strategy, property and procurement functions. His
priorities are ensuring his teams provide accurate, independent and objective
analysis to drive sound decision making and performance, managing balance
sheet settings in a sustainable and conservative manner, and delivering capital
generation that supports better outcomes for all stakeholders.

Priorities: Stuart is responsible for supporting the Board and Executive
Leadership Team in developing the Group’s strategy. To support execution
of the strategy, he is also responsible for mergers and acquisitions, business
development, strategic divestments, strategic policy and x15, the Bank’s
venture building business.
Management Committees:

Experience: Stuart joined the Bank in 2012 and has held senior roles across
Group Strategy, Retail Banking Services and International Financial Services.
Prior to joining CBA, Stuart held various roles at McKinsey & Co. in London,
New York and Sydney where he served leading financial services companies
and other institutions on a range of strategy-related topics.

Gavin Munroe

Position: Group Chief Risk Officer
Appointed: February 2025

Position: Group Chief Information Officer and Group Executive, Technology
Appointed: November 2022

Priorities: Andrew is accountable for ensuring the effective governance and
management of all risk types, including strategic, financial, non-financial,
material and emerging risks. He is focused on ensuring our people effectively
manage risk and compliance to maintain the trust placed in the Group by our
customers, shareholders and the community.

Priorities: Gavin is responsible for the Group’s technology strategy and its
implementation. This includes ownership of CommBank’s AI and GenAI
strategy, digital delivery, data and analytics, technology and technology
infrastructure, as well as safeguarding the Bank. His priority is to provide a
seamless and personalised digital banking experience for our customers.

Asset and Liability Committee

Financial Risk Committee

Risk & Remuneration Review Committee

Committee Chair

All ELT members may attend all Committee meetings with the exception of the Risk & Remuneration Review Committee, and have access to meeting papers
and minutes.

Management Committees:

Experience: Gavin has over 20 years’ experience in financial services. Prior to
joining the Bank in 2022, he was Global Chief Information Officer for Wealth
and Personal Banking at HSBC. He has held other senior roles at Bank of
America, Merrill Lynch, Synechron, Wachovia and Saxon.

Andrew Hinchliff ceased as Group Executive, Institutional Banking and Markets and commenced as Group Chief Risk Officer
effective 17 February 2025.
Sian Lewis retired as Group Executive, Human Resources on 16 February 2025.
Nigel Williams retired as Group Chief Risk Officer on 16 February 2025.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Experience: Andrew joined the Bank in 2015 as Executive General Manager,
Global Markets and in 2018 was appointed Group Executive, Institutional Banking
and Markets. Prior to joining the Bank, Andrew’s career in investment banking
spanned more than 20 years having held various leadership positions with
Goldman Sachs and Credit Suisse First Boston in London, New York and Australia.

FINANCIAL REPORT

Andrew Hinchliff

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Experience: Alan joined the Bank in 2003 and has held numerous senior
roles within finance and treasury. He started his career with PwC’s Financial
Services practice in the UK before joining Arthur Andersen in Australia. Alan
is a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Scotland.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Non-Financial Risk Committee

Experience: Monique joined the Bank in 2011. Prior to her current role, she
was the Chief Marketing Officer. Monique has more than 20 years’ experience
building brands for global clients through her career at leading communication
agencies McCann-Erickson WorldGroup, DDB and Ogilvy and Mather.

Alan Docherty

Management Committees
Executive Leadership Team

Management Committees:

SUSTAINABILITY

Management Committees:

Position: Chief Operations Officer
Appointed: February 2025

CREATING VALUE

Management Committees:

Monique Macleod
OVERVIEW

Management Committees:

Emma Bunnell

56

OUR APPROACH TO CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

57
COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Executive Leadership Team continued

Angus Sullivan

Position: Group General Counsel and Group Executive,
Legal & Group Secretariat
Appointed: September 2023

Position: Group Executive, Retail Banking Services
Appointed: July 2018

Management Committees:

Experience: Angus joined the Bank in 2012 as Executive General Manager,
Group Strategy and has held a number of senior positions in the retail bank
across products, payments and the branch network. Previously, he was a
Partner at McKinsey & Co. in New York, specialising in retail and commercial
banking, wealth management, payments and general insurance.

Kiersten Robinson

Sinead Taylor

Position: Chief People Officer
Appointed: February 2025

Position: Group Executive, Institutional Banking and Markets
Appointed: February 2025

Priorities: Kiersten is focused on ensuring CBA has the talent, leadership
and culture needed to deliver on its strategic ambitions. Her work centres
on building a compelling people value proposition that attracts and develops
exceptional talent, accelerates enterprise capability, and strengthens a culture
of customer excellence and continuous learning. She is committed to building
a future-ready workforce where every employee can grow, perform and thrive.

Priorities: Sinead is responsible for serving the banking and finance needs of
large corporate, government and institutional customers in Australia and select
international markets. Sinead’s focus is on improving customer experiences,
strengthening product and technology capabilities, and managing IB&M’s
capital and cost with discipline.
Management Committees:

Experience: Sinead has over 20 years’ banking experience leading teams to
deliver exceptional customer outcomes. Prior to her current role, Sinead was Chief
Operations Officer of CBA, and Executive General Manager of Bankwest. Sinead
has held various executive roles at CBA in global markets, strategy, marketing,
business and corporate banking. Prior to CBA, Sinead managed strategy and
marketing teams for top tier professional service firms in the UK and Australia.

Position: Group Executive, Business Banking
Appointed: February 2020

Priorities: Vittoria is responsible for leading the Group’s New Zealand banking
business, operating under the ASB brand. Her priorities are to provide leading
customer experiences and outcomes, harnessing new technology to provide
innovative solutions, and delivering programs that have a significant positive
impact for New Zealanders.

Priorities: Mike is responsible for serving the banking needs of business,
corporate and agribusiness customers, and for the Bank’s online equities
trading platform, CommSec. Mike’s focus is on extending the Bank’s business
banking and payments capabilities, and on making banking simpler and better
for customers by providing market-leading service, products and technology.

Experience: Vittoria joined the Bank in 2002 and has held various executive
and senior leadership positions, including Group Executive Marketing and
Strategy, Chief Marketing Officer of CBA, and Chief Executive Retail at
Bankwest. Vittoria started her career in corporate finance and mergers
and acquisitions with Deloitte and Carter Holt Harvey.

Experience: Prior to joining the Bank in 2020, Mike was Chief Executive Officer
of FNB Commercial Banking in South Africa. He spent almost 20 years working
at FNB Commercial Banking holding various roles across finance, pricing,
product, capital management, sales and relationship management.

Management Committees:

Management Committees
Executive Leadership Team
Non-Financial Risk Committee

Asset and Liability Committee

Financial Risk Committee

Risk & Remuneration Review Committee

Committee Chair

All ELT members may attend all Committee meetings with the exception of the Risk & Remuneration Review Committee, and have access to meeting papers
and minutes.

Sinead Taylor ceased as Chief Operations Officer and commenced as Group Executive, Institutional Banking and Markets
effective 17 February 2025.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Mike Vacy-Lyle

Position: Chief Executive and Managing Director, ASB Bank Ltd
Appointed: February 2018

FINANCIAL REPORT

Vittoria Shortt

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Experience: Kiersten is a seasoned HR and business executive with nearly
30 years’ experience across Europe, the Americas, Asia, Australia and New
Zealand. Prior to joining the Bank in 2025, Kiersten was the General Manager,
Family Vehicles at Ford Motor Company and President, Mexico and Canada, for
Ford Blue. She is also a former Chief People Officer and Employee Experience
Officer at Ford.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Management Committees:

Management Committees:

SUSTAINABILITY

Management Committees:

Experience: Prior to joining the Bank in 2023, Karen was a Partner of Clayton
Utz for 28 years. At Clayton Utz she held a number of leadership positions
including Chair of the Clayton Utz Board from 2020 to 2023.

CREATING VALUE

Priorities: Angus is responsible for providing market-leading services to the
retail customers of CBA and Bankwest including NetBank and the CommBank
app. His priorities are to deliver exceptional customer service and outcomes,
global best digital experiences, and technology and innovation in retail products
and services.

Priorities: Karen is responsible for the Group’s legal, corporate governance,
accountability regime and SpeakUP teams. In addition to advising the CEO and
Board, her priorities include supporting her teams in delivering sound advice
which assists the Group in executing its strategy.

OVERVIEW

Karen O’Flynn

58

59
COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT
OVERVIEW
CREATING VALUE
SUSTAINABILITY
CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Managing
our risks

Effective risk management enables us to fulfil
our purpose of building a brighter future for all.
Our embedded risk framework, together with
a strong culture, empowers our people to take
the right risks to deliver better outcomes for
our customers and communities.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Page

60

Risk management oversight

62

Our emerging risks

64

Our material risks

65

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Risk management in action

FINANCIAL REPORT

In this section

60

MANAGING OUR RISKS

61

How we make decisions

The Board-approved risk appetite statement (RAS)
establishes the level of risk we must operate in to
deliver our strategy.

Risk policies and procedures
Our risk policies and procedures outline
the principles and practices to help us
to identify and assess our material risks.
They help us translate the RAS into our
daily business activities.

Our Risk Management
Framework enablers

Our RMF is comprised of systems,
structures, policies, processes and
people. They work together to help
identify, assess and mitigate our
internal and external sources of risk.

Risk
infrastructure
and data

Risk infrastructure and data
Our risk infrastructure provides the
systems, tools, models and data required
for the effective management of our
material risks.

Risk measurement
We use multiple techniques to identify and measure risks the Bank
is exposed to. These include stress testing and scenario analysis;
risk and control self-assessments; compliance self-assessments;
emerging risk assessment; systems and models to quantify risks
and identify risk exceptions; assurance of the RMF in the form of
Line 1 controls testing; Line 2 assurance reviews and framework
approvals; Line 3 internal audits; and the external audit program.

Stress testing
Stress testing and scenario analysis are important risk management
tools. They enable the Board and senior management to better
understand, quantify and manage risks. They also inform how we
may respond to risk events occurring and any potential weaknesses
in our actions during a crisis. The results of these stress tests
are important for strengthening our risk management approach.
Stress testing results also inform our risk appetite and assist
us in identifying the acceptable levels of risk we will assume
in our operations.

We implement measures to manage and control risks within
appetite such as: detective and preventative controls; limits;
delegated authorities and review and approval processes; policies
and procedures; and issue and incident management. The 3LoA
model organises our risk accountabilities by separating the roles
for managing the Bank’s risks.

For more information on the Bank’s RMF and risk types, see Note 9 on pages 303–344 in the Financial report.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Manage and control risks

FINANCIAL REPORT

These reviews of the RMF as well
as our annual RMD to APRA, set out
our plans to strengthen the RMF
in support of our strategy.

Risk
accountabilities
and skills

Risk
governance
and reporting

The Three Lines of Accountability model
(3LoA) organises our accountabilities to
manage the Bank’s risks by separating the
roles. Line 1 own and manage the risks
whereas Line 2 develop risk frameworks
and provide assurance. Line 3 provide
independent assurance over how
effectively risks are being managed. The
3LoA include skilled employees within each
line and are supported by risk capabilities,
and performance and remuneration
frameworks. Our remuneration
framework supports accountability by
incorporating risk assessment as gate
openers and modifiers in employee and
executive remuneration.

Our risk culture reflects our beliefs and behaviours within the Bank
and determines how we identify, measure, monitor and respond
to risks. These behaviours guide decision making and good risk
management, and embody our values and leadership principles.
This helps our actions align to our core beliefs. To sustain and
improve our risk culture, senior management and the Board form
a view of the Bank’s risk culture through an annual Board risk culture
assessment. This is supported by the Group risk culture response
plan, which addresses areas of focus identified by the Board.
It is further reinforced by self-reflections on business unit risk
culture to drive improvement at the team level.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

These material risks and our
approach to managing them are set
out in our RMF. The RMF is reviewed
annually by the ELT and the Board.
The RMF is also independently
reviewed every three years by an
external reviewer, supported by
internal and external audit programs.

Risk accountabilities and skills

Risk culture

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Risk policies
and
procedures

We categorise the material risks
the Bank is exposed to as strategic,
financial and non-financial risks.
Each material risk type has its own
specific framework or requirements
to manage the risk.

The Board has ultimate responsibility for the
Bank’s risk governance, including the RMF
and its implementation by management.
The Board is supported by its four
Committees as well as management-level
committees that oversee our material risks.
Management regularly provides information
to the Board which allows material risk
positions to be monitored against the RAS
and policy limits.

SUSTAINABILITY

The RMF enablers facilitate the effective
identification, measurement, monitoring
and response to our material risks.

Risk governance and reporting

The RAS is reviewed and approved annually by the Board in line with
our operating context, and is adapted for new and changing risks
present in our operations. The Board-approved RAS helps embed
a culture focused on disciplined risk management to enable smart
risk taking. The RAS also includes key risk indicators for our material
risks. This provides signals for building levels of risk and encourages
management to take action and avoid a breach of appetite.
In addition to governance of RAS performance through Board and
management-level committees, our Group policies, procedures,
delegations and limits translate and embed the RAS into our daily
business activities.

CREATING VALUE

Our Risk Management Framework
(RMF) outlines the Bank’s expectations
on how we identify, measure, monitor
and respond to our risks.

Risk appetite
OVERVIEW

Our Risk Management
Framework

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Risk management in action

62

MANAGING OUR RISKS

63

The Board has ultimate responsibility for the Bank’s risk governance,
including the RMF and oversight of its operation by management.

Board Risk & Compliance Committee

The Risk & Compliance Committee meets six times
per year, or more frequently if needed, with the Chair
of the Committee reporting to the Board after each
Committee meeting. The Committee also supports
the Board’s concurrent meetings. It provides updates
on relevant risk outcomes and matters at the concurrent
meetings to support the assessment of remuneration
outcomes for the CEO and Group Executives and
performance outcomes of the Group Auditor.

Chaired by: Chief Executive Officer

Meets: Weekly
or as required

The ELT is responsible for making specific
recommendations to the CEO and agreeing common
actions addressing strategy, business performance,
people leadership and culture, and risk and compliance
management and control. The ELT may establish
committees to assist it in carrying out its functions.

The ELT is accountable for developing and executing the
Bank’s strategy and supports the Board by advising on
strategic risks and opportunities, including those related
to technology. This year the ELT increased its focus on
accelerating the modernisation of the Bank’s technology
estate to strengthen technology stability, security and
operational continuity. Modernisation also supports the use
of new tools, technologies and AI, and delivery of enhanced
customer experiences. The ELT has set the strategic
direction, allocated the required capacity and capability, and
maintained oversight of progress against execution priorities.

Financial risks

Spotlight

Financial Risk Committee

Group Credit Risk Framework

Chaired by: Chief Risk Officer

Meets: Monthly

The Financial Risk Committee (FRC) assists and advises
the CEO on the governance, optimisation and effective
management of the Bank’s financial risks in accordance
with the RAS and RMF.

Asset and Liability Committee
Chaired by: Chief Financial Officer

Meets: Monthly

The Asset and Liability Committee (ALCO) oversees
the Group’s balance sheet settings and the effective
management of the Bank’s non-traded market
risk, interest rate risk, liquidity, funding, capital
and structural foreign exchange risk.

The FRC supports the Board by overseeing the Bank’s
financial risk frameworks with oversight of the governance,
key credit risk principles and policies that apply to the Group.
On a continuing basis during the year, various discussion
papers are submitted to the FRC for review in response
to emerging financial risks and changes to the credit
environment, including but not limited to, global geopolitical
developments that may impact the Bank and its customers.
The committee assesses whether to make adjustments to
our risk appetite and/or the Group Credit Risk Framework.

Spotlight

Each year the Board makes a RMD to APRA to meet the requirements of APRA’s CPS 220, confirming
the RMF remains fit for managing our material risks, or outlines steps to strengthen the RMF. Lines 1 and
2, with an opinion from Line 3 and collective agreement by the ELT, form a recommendation on the RMD
to the Board Risk & Compliance Committee. This supports the Directors to determine whether the RMF
is adequately designed and operating effectively in all material respects. This year particular attention
was given to protecting our customers through strengthening our RMF to help reduce fraud, scams, cyber
threats, financial crime, and business disruption and to support the Bank’s responsible use of AI. This focus
reflects the evolving threat landscape and reinforces our commitment to strengthening the resilience
of our organisation to deliver our strategy.

Non-Financial Risk Committee

Operational resilience and CPS 230

Chaired by: Chief Executive Officer Meets: Bi-monthly
The Non-Financial Risk Committee (NFRC) advises
the CEO on the governance, optimisation and effective
management of the Bank’s non-financial risks in
accordance with the RAS and RMF.

Risk & Remuneration Review Committee
Chaired by: Chief Risk Officer

Meets: Quarterly

The Group Risk & Remuneration Review Committee advises
the Group Chief Risk Officer on risk considerations for
determining remuneration outcomes in line with the Group
Remuneration Policy. This assists the Group Chief Risk
Officer to support the Chief Executive Officer and Board
to determine remuneration outcomes across the Bank.

The NFRC discussed requirements of CPS 230, including
Board and management accountabilities, and plans to
achieve compliance. Leading up to the effective date
of 1 July 2025, the Committee reviewed the Business
Continuity Plan summaries, including associated
tolerances of the Bank’s critical operations ahead of review
by the Board Risk & Compliance Committee.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Non-financial risks

FINANCIAL REPORT

Risk Management Declaration

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

It is important for directors to spend the right amount
of time on the right issues. This year the Committee’s
focus remained on the management of financial
risks such as funding and liquidity, and non-financial
and strategic risks, including cyber security, fraud

and scams, operational resilience, privacy, data,
environmental and social, artificial intelligence and
financial crime compliance.

Technology modernisation

Executive Leadership Team

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

The Board Risk & Compliance Committee reviews
and oversees the RMF and adherence to the Bank’s
Board-approved risk appetite. The Committee monitors
our risk profile against changes in our operating context.
Management provides regular reports to the Committee
to provide oversight of current and emerging risks, the
effectiveness of our control environment and our risk
management practices.

Spotlight

SUSTAINABILITY

For more information on our corporate governance structure and committees, see page 38.

Strategic risks

CREATING VALUE

Committees assist the Board to fulfil its roles and responsibilities. Committees meet to consider and discuss
specific matters in detail and, where appropriate, make recommendations to the Board for resolution. Processes
are in place to support effective and timely information flows between Committees and provide the Board with
clear oversight of matters.

At management level, risk governance is undertaken by a structured hierarchy of individual accountabilities, personal delegations,
management committees and forums across the Bank. Management regularly monitors financial, strategic and non-financial
risk exposures against the Bank’s RAS and policy limits. This information is provided to the Board Committees in the form
of Board papers, which are prepared and shared with the Board Committees on a bi-monthly basis. Following management
committee meetings, papers are shared with Board Committees for noting, approval or discussion. This flow of information
is essential for management committees to effectively support the Board.

OVERVIEW

The Board is supported by the Risk & Compliance Committee, Audit Committee, Nominations Committee and
People & Remuneration Committee, as well as specific management-level committees that oversee material
risks. Each year the Board assesses the maturity of our RMF in managing our material risks through our RMD,
and adjusts the RMF as required. Together with the setting of risk appetite, this helps the Bank maintain a risk
management framework that is fit for our business size, operating context and delivery of our strategic priorities.
Our RMD to APRA allows the Board to reflect on the framework’s design and operating effectiveness and adjust,
where needed.

Our risk management committees

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Risk management oversight

64

MANAGING OUR RISKS

65

While remaining vigilant to the risks we need to manage today, we also
look ahead to identify potential future challenges. We aim to uphold the
risk management standards expected by our customers, communities,
regulators and shareholders, both now and in the future.

Our material risks are those the Bank places extra focus on to mitigate,
as they could significantly impact the Bank, our customers, communities
and shareholders in the near term.

Risk context

Financial risk
Risk type:

The emerging risk themes the Board and ELT focused on this year are outlined below.
Material themes:

Geopolitical conflict and
macroeconomic uncertainty

Regulatory reforms

Australia’s economy needs affordable and reliable energy.
Replacing coal-fired power with firmed renewable energy
is crucial to meet Australia’s renewable energy targets. With
90% of coal-fired power stations expected to retire by 2035,
delays in replacement generation could increase electricity
price volatility, affect reliability and have broader economic
impacts. Credit risks could also be heightened for the
Bank, as well as disruptions to our operations. We continue
to engage with Government on the energy transition and
support retail and business customers finance existing
technologies, such as rooftop solar, batteries and electric
vehicles to help reduce their emissions. This also helps
reduce reliance on large-scale utility investments.

Cyber security threats

Privacy and data We are conscious of the trust
our customers place in us to
management

• We continue to improve the Bank’s privacy processes across
all jurisdictions in which we operate.

Risk type:

• Policies and standards are in place to manage customers’
personal information, according to our privacy obligations.

Material themes:

Cyber security
Risk type:

Material themes:

collect, handle and protect their
personal information and meet
our regulatory obligations. The
integrity and quality of data
is fundamental to addressing
customer needs and making
sound business decisions.

The cyber security risk
environment for Australian
financial services is complex due
to the availability of affordable
and user-friendly attack tools,
marketplaces for stolen and
compromised credentials,
and the speed with which
vulnerabilities are exploited.

Growing societal pressures impacting our
customers and communities
The Bank continues to face heightened expectations from
governments, regulators and the community to respond to
key challenges including cost-of-living pressures, housing
affordability and crisis support. Many Australians are feeling
the impact of rising fraud and scams activity, as well as
ongoing affordability concerns. We remain focused on
supporting our customers through these challenges and
continue to invest in strengthening our fraud and scams
infrastructure to help keep them safe.

Learn more about our approach to financial risk management in Note 9
on pages 303–344 in the Financial report.

• We continue to invest in enterprise data platforms to manage
the quality of our data, and retain and dispose of data.
Learn more about our approach to cyber, privacy and data management
on pages 89–91.

• Cyber security is an ever-evolving field, requiring constant
improvement and adaptation.
• We invest in our capability to prevent, detect and respond
quickly to identified threats. This effort extends across our
various cyber control domains to safeguard customer data
and enable secure transactions.
• Additionally, we play a role in supporting the national security
ecosystem. Our goal is to improve system-wide resilience
by securing infrastructure, collaborating with industry and
the National Office of Cyber Security, and participating in
the Federal Government’s Executive Cyber Council. Our
participation in industry exercises aims to test system-wide
resilience and response capabilities.
Learn more about our approach to cyber, privacy and data management
on pages 89–91.

Risk type:
Financial

Material themes:
Customer experience, support
and community impact

Engaged and supported
workforce

Governance, culture
and accountability

Cyber security, privacy
and data management

Digitisation, innovation
and AI

Climate change

Non-financial
Strategic

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

The Bank anticipates cyber attacks to persist and grow
as adversaries use new technologies such as GenAI to
exploit vulnerabilities, including third parties and cloud
environments. These could lead to compromised customer
data, critical systems disruptions and potential breaches of
our obligations. We continue to strengthen our cyber security
risk management through dedicated teams that monitor
and respond to potential cyber security threats, applying
learnings from the Board and senior management crisis
management exercises, and a focus on enhancing our cyber
security control environment to address emerging threats.

• We maintain a conservative balance sheet with a high
proportion of funding from customer deposits and excess
liquidity. We perform stress tests to prepare for a range of
economic scenarios.

FINANCIAL REPORT

Innovation driven by emerging and disruptive technology,
including AI, continues to rapidly evolve. As we pursue
our strategy, which includes a focus on technology and
AI, we continue working hard to effectively manage risks
from change implementation that could lead to service
disruptions, poor customer experiences, fraud and scams,
conduct issues, cyber security threats, and data and privacy
issues. As a Bank, we invest in governance and risk initiatives
to support our AI goals, including for responsible AI.

• We regularly assess credit settings, pricing and customer credit
profiles in light of changing and emerging risks. Our loan loss
provisions are carefully managed to support the Bank to manage
this risk appropriately.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Emerging technology

Energy transition in Australia

Macroeconomic pressures and
the rising cost of living could
negatively impact financial
risk. A slowdown in economic
growth could lead to market
volatility, higher unemployment,
and an increase in borrowers
unable to meet their financial
commitments with the Bank.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Our operations face risks from global political events, such
as elections and policy changes, civil unrest, international
competition and conflicts. These disruptions can increase
social pressures domestically; affect unemployment,
housing supply, and market volatility; and escalate credit and
operational risks for financial institutions. Failure to prepare
for these geopolitical and macroeconomic uncertainties
could heighten our exposure to various financial and
non-financial risks, which we monitor and manage through
our RMF.

Upcoming regulatory reforms could significantly impact
us and our customers, spanning areas like Anti-Money
Laundering/Counter-Terrorism Financing (AML/CTF), cyber
security, scams, privacy, payments licensing, AI and climate
disclosures. To prepare for new regulation, we frequently
evaluate our obligations including those under the new Scam
Prevention Framework Act 2025 (Cth), which will be further
supported by industry specific codes, not yet released. The
Bank is also improving its security infrastructure for fraud
and scams, and forming partnerships to better handle scam
phishing and reporting within the industry ecosystem.

Our response

SUSTAINABILITY

Our emerging risk profile is updated annually through a review process with the ELT and the Board. This process aligns with
the annual review of the Bank’s strategy. The emerging risk process evaluates the adequacy of the Bank’s mitigation strategies
to prevent emerging risks from materially impacting the Bank. In cases where we may have limited ability to influence
emerging risks, it may be more challenging to implement effective mitigative actions. This may require us to take additional
steps to address these risks.

For more information, including a full list of our material risks, see Note 9 on pages 303–344 in the Financial report.

CREATING VALUE

Emerging risks are risks that are either newly developing or already exist, but their effects have not yet been substantially
realised. These risks are often constantly evolving and have the potential to impact the Bank and our customers in the
medium to long term (over 12 months). It is essential to respond to these risks now to minimise their potential future impact.
Emerging risks are often driven by new trends in our operating environment, such as competition, new technologies, regulation
or evolving customer expectations.

The Bank faces various risks through the products and services we offer. We categorise these risks as strategic, financial and
non-financial based on the nature of their impacts. Each year the Board approves the material ‘Level 1’ risk types in the RMF,
which establishes the risks needing immediate management and control. The material risks outlined below have been our
primary focus this year.

OVERVIEW

Our material risks

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Our emerging risks

66

MANAGING OUR RISKS

67

Risk context

Risk type:

Material themes:

• The Bank continues to review and remediate a number of known
AML/CTF compliance issues. As this work progresses, further
compliance issues may be identified and reported to AUSTRAC
or other regulators, and additional enhancements of systems
and processes may be required. The Bank is commencing
work to implement changes to data, systems and processes to
comply with the Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism
Financing Amendment Act 2024.

Regulatory
compliance
Risk type:

Material themes:

• We continue to invest in risk assessment tools, data and
processes to better understand and detect financial crime risks.
This includes a financial investment in Global Screening Services,
a payments screening specialist.

Our response
The volume and complexity of
regulatory requirements and
expectations continues to increase.
Our ability to effectively identify,
accurately interpret, comply
with, and manage and monitor
regulatory requirements is critical
for us to minimise negative
customer outcomes, avoid
penalties, and mitigate adverse
impacts on the Bank’s financial
performance and reputation.

Material themes:

• We continue to build our people’s knowledge and skills by offering
bank-wide AI education and continue to evolve our AI governance
and risk reporting mechanisms to help the Bank develop AI
responsibly and at speed.

• All employees undergo a risk assessment during annual
performance reviews.

Fraud and scams The rapid advancement of new
Risk type:

Material themes:

• Our strategic partnerships boost our AI capabilities and talent to
facilitate the expansion of AI in improving customer experiences.
• We recognise that we have a role to play in building community
trust in AI. We support the responsible use of AI, by drawing
upon industry and academic expertise, both locally and globally.
Learn more about our approach to AI on page 23 and 92–93.

technologies has enhanced our
abilities to prevent, detect and
disrupt fraud and scams. The fraud
and scams environment remains
challenging due to increasingly
sophisticated attack strategies.
We welcome the introduction
of new scams regulation by the
Australian Government through
the Scams Prevention Framework
Act 2025.

• Our anti-scam initiatives including CallerCheck, NameCheck,
CustomerCheck and our partnership with Telstra have helped
decrease losses to fraud and scams.
• Our CommBank Safe webpage offers educational resources
and awareness tools to help customers protect themselves
from fraud and scams. Research shows that while there is
increasing concern about scams among Australians over the
past 12 months, more than eight in ten individuals feel confident
in their ability to identify a scam.
• We are continuing to invest in improving our organisational
capability to prevent, detect, disrupt and report scams as part
of the ecosystem response that is required under the Scams
Prevention Framework Act 2025.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Risk type:

CBA continues to focus on
deploying AI responsibly to deliver
exceptional customer experiences
and make things easier for our
people. Advances in AI can
enhance the customer experience
and simplify processes, but we are
mindful of the need to effectively
manage strategic, financial and
non-financial risks.

• Our Compliance Management Framework requires the
identification, documentation, monitoring and reporting on the
effectiveness of compliance arrangements and key controls in
place to manage regulatory obligations.

SUSTAINABILITY

Artificial
intelligence

• The Bank assesses the impacts of regulatory change and integrates
new requirements into practices, systems and processes.

• The Group Incident Management Standard sets expectations
for timely identification, recording and resolution of incidents
and breaches.

• We work closely with AUSTRAC and international regulators, law
enforcement bodies and the Fintel Alliance to detect and deter
financial crime.
Learn more about our approach to cyber security, privacy and data
management on pages 89–91.

• Our Regulatory Engagement Standard supports consistent and
holistic engagement with regulators, providing open, honest and
transparent communication.

CREATING VALUE

Banks play a critical role in
protecting our customers, the
community and the integrity
of the financial system from
financial crimes. The Bank is
required to comply with global
legislation aimed at combatting
financial crime activities, including
sanctions, AML/CTF, anti-bribery
and corruption, and anti-tax
evasion facilitation.

Risk context

OVERVIEW

Financial crime
compliance

Our response

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Our material risks continued

Learn more about our approach to combat fraud and scams on page 76.

Risk type:

Material themes:

• Our business continuity management processes are designed
to manage the risk of business disruptions, including to
service providers.
• The Bank’s crisis management framework is instrumental in
minimising the impact of disruptions, and we regularly exercise
our response to disruption events.
• We continue to invest in technology capabilities to support the
Bank’s strategic goal of modernising our technology platform.

Material themes:
Customer experience, support
and community impact

Engaged and supported
workforce

Governance, culture
and accountability

Cyber security, privacy
and data management

Digitisation, innovation
and AI

Climate change

Non-financial
Strategic

Learn more about our approach to governance, culture and accountability
on pages 84–88.

Environmental
and social
Risk type:

Material themes:

• The Board and ELT oversee the strategic approach for
The ability of households and
addressing E&S risks and opportunities.
businesses to repay their loans
could be impacted by more frequent • We continue to explore ways to assist our customers and
and severe weather events; longcommunities to prepare for and recover from climate events.
term changes in climate patterns;
• The Bank uses scenario analysis and the climate risk materiality
or diminished customer business
assessment to gain a deeper understanding of how climate
models from the inability to adjust
change can affect the risk profile of the Bank’s other material
to a low-carbon economy, or from
risk types. We also continue to enhance our tools, data and
damaging the natural environment,
methodologies across business processes to more effectively
or engaging in unacceptable social
identify, assess and manage environmental and social risks for
practices. Losses to the Bank could
our customers and the Bank.
also increase from retail customers
dependent on these impacted
• We consider evolving public expectations in setting our E&S
businesses. Failure by the Bank to
commitments. The Bank’s reputation may be affected by
adequately respond to social issues
insufficient progress or non-adherence to these commitments,
such as financial abuse or modern
including through financing and engaging with organisations
slavery, could significantly impact
that fall short of stakeholder expectations.
communities and damage the
Learn more in our Climate disclosures on pages 100–173.
Bank’s reputation.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Financial

• We consistently monitor the health of our technology systems,
performing security risk reviews, threat monitoring and business
continuity planning for a range of disruption scenarios.

FINANCIAL REPORT

Risk type:

The bank aims to maintain critical
services through disruptions and
support resilience of the financial
system. Operational disruption
may arise from internal technology
issues, including potential cyber
security events, loss of service
providers, unavailability of
personnel or workplaces, or natural
disasters. Such disruptions could
significantly affect our ability to
serve customers, damage our
reputation, and result in financial
losses and regulatory penalties.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Business
disruption and
technology

68

69
COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT
OVERVIEW
CREATING VALUE

Our approach
to sustainability

SUSTAINABILITY
CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Page

70

Our materiality assessment

72

Customer experience, support and community impact

74

Engaged and supported workforce

80

Governance, culture and accountability

84

Cyber security, privacy and data management

89

Digitisation, innovation and artificial intelligence

92

Social and governance performance metrics

94

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Listening to our stakeholders

FINANCIAL REPORT

We aim to build a brighter future for all by considering
the diverse needs of our stakeholders and delivering
balanced, sustainable outcomes over the long term.
We proactively engage with stakeholders to inform
our decisions and disclosures. Their input shapes our
materiality assessment and helps us identify our key
sustainability topics.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

In this section

70

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY

71

We continue to enhance our stakeholder engagement by improving how
insights are shared across the Bank. Stakeholder insights help to inform our
operational and strategic priorities, as well as the development of products
and services.
For more information on how we are supporting our customers, see pages 74–77.
For more information about how the Board engages with stakeholders, see page 46.

• Engaging with investors to
understand their climate-related
priorities. This helps to inform our
strategy, reporting and deliver
long-term sustainable returns for
our shareholders.

55,000+ employees

How we engage and collaborate

How we engage and collaborate

How we engage and collaborate

We regularly connect with customers
to understand their needs and obtain
feedback. We engage through structured
channels including in branches, call
centres, customer surveys, complaints
and feedback, as well as focus groups.

We engage with our people to
understand how they feel about work
and their wellbeing. This also helps us
understand their level of engagement.
We conduct surveys and engage
through employee forums, town halls
and employee-led networks.

We engage with key representatives
through community visits and regular
Community Council meetings. We
also regularly meet with and support
industry body associations to gather
and share views on key issues.

Stakeholder priorities

Stakeholder priorities

Stakeholder priorities

• Access to banking

• Access to banking

• Access to banking

• Artificial intelligence

• Artificial intelligence

• Artificial intelligence

• Cost of living

• Cost of living

• Customer experience

• Customer experience

• Customer experience

• Customer support

• Customer support

• Cyber security and resilience

• Financial wellbeing and inclusion

• Fraud and scams

• Customers experiencing
vulnerability

• Fraud and scams

• Government

• Housing

• Housing

• Macroeconomy

• Inclusion and diversity

• Cyber security and resilience
• Digital
• Ethics and conduct
• Financial wellbeing and inclusion

• Working with and assessing
our supply chain to
monitor and reduce supply
chain-related emissions.
• Partnering with external
organisations, participating
in industry associations and
advocating for public policies
that support affordable and
reliable clean energy and
economic resilience.
• Collaborating with research
partners to develop and share
insights on climate change.

Government and
regulators

800,000+ shareholders

Suppliers
5,000+ suppliers

How we engage and collaborate

How we engage and collaborate

We engage with our investors so that
they have the information needed
to make investment decisions. In
addition to our financial disclosures and
other reporting, we connect through
annual general meetings, investor
and analyst meetings, briefings and
shareholder correspondence.

We engage with government agencies,
politicians and regulators in accordance
with our Group frameworks. This allows
us to exchange views on a range of
economic, financial industry and social
issues that impact our customers,
communities and our activities.

We engage and collaborate with
suppliers to deliver on strategic
priorities. Our engagement is informed
by supplier risk assessments that
prioritise the mitigation of risks
that could be most material for our
customers and business.

Stakeholder priorities

Stakeholder priorities

Stakeholder priorities

• Cost of living

• Access to banking

• Artificial intelligence

• Customer experience

• Cost of living

• Cost of living

• Cyber security and resilience

• Customer support

• Customer experience

• Frauds and scams

• Cyber security and resilience

• Fraud and scams

• Geopolitics

• Financial wellbeing and inclusion

• ESG metrics

• Macroeconomy

• Fraud and scams

• GHG emissions

• Our people

• Housing

• Housing

• Payments

• Payments

• Modern slavery

• Reputation

• Reputation

• Operational resilience

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

How we engage and collaborate

FINANCIAL REPORT

• Meeting with external groups and
agencies to hear their views on
the energy transition and our role
as a lender.

Investors and
shareholders

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

See our stakeholder engagement approach at commbank.com.au/policies

• Engaging with customers and
providing products and services
to help them transition and build
climate resilience.

18+ million customers

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Engagement with customers, communities, government and regulators
helps us to consider opportunities to support financial inclusion and
enhance customer outcomes. For example, stakeholder channels such as
the CBA Community Council, Indigenous Advisory Council and Modern
Slavery Advisory Council connect us to community groups and can help
inform our response to issues such as financial abuse, artificial intelligence
(AI) and customer vulnerability.

This includes:

Our people

SUSTAINABILITY

Our key stakeholders are individuals and groups in our value chain whose
interests are, or could be, materially impacted by the Bank’s activities.
Guided by our values and Code of Conduct, we engage with key stakeholders
through our regular business activities and dedicated feedback channels.
Stakeholder insights are shared through internal forums and committees to
support informed decision making across the Bank.

We acknowledge that climate
change is a collective challenge
and we actively engage with
our stakeholders to understand
their diverse perspectives.

Customers

CREATING VALUE

We recognise the importance of balancing diverse stakeholder views to
evaluate risks and opportunities, and drive more informed decision making
and disclosures, particularly on sustainability issues. We proactively engage
with our key stakeholders to understand their perspectives, build trusted
relationships, and gather insights that can help shape our products and
services. Stakeholder insights also inform our materiality assessment,
which identifies the sustainability-related impacts, risks and opportunities
most important to our stakeholders and the Bank.

Understanding
stakeholder views
on climate change

Communities,
industry groups
and society

OVERVIEW

Engaging meaningfully with our stakeholders
helps us to better understand and respond to
their needs and perspectives.

Our stakeholders’ views

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Listening to our stakeholders

72

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY

73

Our material themes
Material themes

Improving our materiality assessment
Our materiality assessment process
Identify initial longlist of topics
Review operating context, industry trends,
peer insights, macrotrends, sustainability
trends and regulatory environment.

1

Engaged and
supported
workforce

2

Governance,
culture and
accountability

3

Cyber
security,
privacy
and data
management

4

Use material themes to guide annual reporting, disclosing
material sustainability-related themes which matter most
to our key stakeholders and CBA.

5

Digitisation,
innovation
and artificial
intelligence

Understanding this year’s material themes

Stakeholders reaffirmed that a supported and engaged
workforce is essential to CBA’s value creation. CBA plays a
key role in shaping employee engagement and wellbeing,
and fostering a workplace culture that is safe, respectful
and inclusive. As digitisation and AI reshape the workforce,
the need for reskilling and upskilling is growing, though
stakeholders also noted people skills remain vital for
customer-facing roles.

With the shift to digital,
stakeholders expect us to
consider potential adverse
impacts, such as bias and job
losses on our people, customers
and the broader community.

Digitisation, innovation and AI
can significantly enhance value
creation and financial performance.
Responsible use of AI can drive
operational efficiency and enable
secure, personalised banking.

Climate change is impacting the
frequency and scale of natural
disasters. The physical and
transition impacts of climate
change can affect our customers,
communities and the nation.

Our exposure to climate-related risks
and opportunities primarily comes
from our lending to customers.
Compared to other material topics, the
financial impact of climate change is
less immediate and significant for CBA,
and is not deemed to be financially
material to the Bank.

See pages
89–91

I

The new Australian Sustainability Reporting Standards
present an opportunity for us to enhance how we
address material sustainability issues, while improving
the transparency, consistency and comparability of our
sustainability disclosures over time.
Our report is structured around material themes that
reflect our most significant sustainability topics for the year.
The theme ‘Banking strategy, operations and operating
context’ is not presented as a standalone material theme.
While core to the Bank’s strategy and financial performance,
we have not classified it as a sustainability topic and it is not
expected to be assessed as a separate sustainability theme
in future years. Given the theme is inherently material to
the Bank, our approach and activities are disclosed in other
sections of this report.
For more information on material topics related to our material
themes, see pages 74–93.
For more information on how our material themes are mapped
to material risks, see pages 65–67.

Climate change

I

See pages
92–93

For climate
disclosures
see pages
100–173

Significant judgement was applied to determine material topics and themes.
For more information on significant judgements in relation to our materiality assessment, see page 5.

Key
I

Impact materiality: Related topics considered material from an impact perspective, where stakeholders identified topics that have potential to
significantly impact the Australian economy, environment and people. Related topics for each theme are detailed on subsequent chapter pages.
Financial materiality: Related topics considered material from a financial perspective, where CBA has identified topics that have potential to
impact CBA’s ability to create value in the short to medium term (1-5 years), using the Bank’s 5x5 risk matrix. Related topics for each theme are
detailed on subsequent chapter pages.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Customer experience, support and community impact
continue to be top priorities for both stakeholders and
CBA. This year underlying topics such as fraud and scams,
cost of living, payments, customer experience and housing
affordability gained importance. Access to banking also
rose in importance, driven by an increased focus on cash
and branch availability in regional Australia.

Cyber threats and financial crime can
disrupt operations, cause data loss,
and lead to legal, reputational and
financial harm to CBA.

FINANCIAL REPORT

Our material themes and underlying topics remain aligned
with the strategic priorities, material risks and themes
outlined in our 2024 Annual Report.

Cyber attacks, data breaches and
financial crime can compromise
customer privacy, erode digital
trust, harm the integrity of
the financial system and
disproportionately affect those in
vulnerable circumstances.

See pages
84–88

I

Report on material themes
Share insights across the Bank and with the Board.

Weak governance, culture and
accountability can result in
regulatory penalties, compliance
costs, operational disruptions and
a loss of stakeholder trust. This can
impact customer retention, investor
confidence, long-term value creation
and financial performance.

I

Filter list for materiality

Group topics into material themes.

Our actions have a direct
impact on stakeholder trust, our
reputation and our social license
to operate.

See pages
80–83

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

This year we enhanced our materiality
assessment process to better identify topics
that are potentially financially material for CBA.
We also aligned our impact assessment scale to
the Bank’s 5x5 risk matrix, enabling us to assess
and prioritise material topics more consistently.
Our assessment will continue to evolve in line with
emerging guidance to improve how we identify
material sustainability-related impacts, risks
and opportunities.

Senior management review and validate prioritised
topics considering both impact and financial materiality.

Ongoing investment in attracting,
developing and retaining top talent
is essential to driving productivity,
strengthening risk management,
enhancing customer outcomes and
improving financial performance.

See pages
74–79

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Internal subject matter experts rate topics by
(1) ability to impact the economy, environment and
people; (2) CBA’s ability to influence the topic; and
(3) financial materiality. Use the Bank’s 5x5 risk matrix
to guide ratings.

Our people expect a safe, inclusive
and diverse environment where
they feel respected, supported
and empowered to thrive.

I

Filter list for importance

Guided by global frameworks such as the Global
Reporting Initiative and Sustainability Accounting
Standards Board, our materiality assessment requires
significant judgement and is a qualitative assessment.
It considers a range of sustainability topics through
research, stakeholder interviews and workshops with
senior management.

CBA’s strategy is centred on building
enduring relationships with our
customers. By investing in customer
experience and meeting community
needs, we strengthen our brand,
mitigate reputational risk and can
deliver long-term value for stakeholders.

SUSTAINABILITY

Align with sustainability and materiality
assessment frameworks to capture material topics.

As a bank for all Australians,
we recognise our role in
removing systemic barriers and
promoting financial inclusion so
all Australians can participate in
the financial system.

Our response

I

Filter list for relevance
Conduct internal analysis and interviews with
internal subject matter experts.

Financial materiality

CREATING VALUE

The assessment considers CBA’s operating
environment and uses insights from our stakeholder
engagement. Internal subject matter experts,
representing key stakeholder groups, assess proposed
topics based on their direct engagement with
stakeholders. Each topic is evaluated for its relevance
to Australia’s economy, environment and people, and
CBA’s impact on or ability to influence the topic (impact
materiality), as well as the topic’s potential impact on
CBA’s financial performance (financial materiality).

Customer
experience,
support and
community
impact

Impact materiality

OVERVIEW

Our annual materiality assessment seeks to
identify sustainability topics that are most relevant
to our stakeholders and CBA. Insights from the
assessment are shared across the Bank and with
the Board, to help inform decision making and our
sustainability disclosures.

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Our materiality assessment

74

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY

75

Pursuing excellence in our
customer experiences
Learning from customer feedback
Customer insights from a range of sources help us understand what is
working well and where there are opportunities to improve.

• Customers experiencing
vulnerability
• Customer support
• Financial wellbeing and inclusion
• Fraud and scams
• Housing
Refer to materiality on pages 72–73.

• Artificial intelligence
• Business disruption and
technology
• Cyber security
• Environmental and social
• Financial crime compliance
• Financial risk
• Privacy and data management
• Regulatory compliance

We want to help continuously improve living standards for Australians and are
committed to building the financial capability and wellbeing of our customers and
communities. Our Financial Fitness program, focused on money management,
continues to grow through new content and expanded delivery across multiple
channels. Practical resources are available on the CommBank website and through
branch seminars for our customers, communities and our people.
To improve customer outcomes, particularly in vulnerability, inclusivity and
accessibility, we implemented changes in line with updates to the Banking Code
of Practice and other industry guidelines. We also continue to engage the CBA
Community Council to understand the lived experience of our diverse customers
to help inform fairer customer outcomes in product, service and process design.

We currently hold the #1 NPS ranking across major banks in the Consumer, Business and Digital categories, and have held this
ranking across all for at least 11 months. This year our Institutional NPS ranking has dropped to #2 after previously holding the
#1 ranking for 24 consecutive months. There is still more work to do to improve our NPS scores. Detailed reports on the drivers of
NPS can be accessed by our people to understand what is influencing the absolute scores. This change highlights the importance
of focusing on continuously improving our service and prioritising the customer in everything we do.

Consumer NPS
10

10

7.4

7.3
5

0

0

-10

-5

Jun 23
CBA

Refer to risk on pages 65–67.

Business NPS

Jun 24

Jun 25

-20

Jun 23

Jun 24

Jun 25

Peers (major banks)

Most relevant strategic pillars

Refer to strategy on pages 16–25.

Supporting customers in severe weather events

Saving and spending tools

commbank.com.au/supportforyou

Cost of living hub

commbank.com.au/costofliving

Financial hardship and support options

commbank.com.au/hardship

Financial fitness hub

commbank.com.au/financialfitness

Using customer feedback and internal data, we developed the Disaster Resilience Toolkit. The toolkit introduces a suite
of tools and resources to help support our customers before, during and after a weather-related event. We also take
steps to avoid adding unnecessary stress. For example, our Business Banking team temporarily removed automated late
payment reminders for around 14,000 customers in communities affected by natural disasters this year. We also donated
$100,000 to Rural Aid to fund the delivery of critical resources and services to more rural Australian communities
impacted by severe weather events.
See more about emergency and disaster assistance at commbank.com.au/naturaldisasters

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

We are here to help

FINANCIAL REPORT

• Fraud and scams

More recently, we have passed on interest rate cuts in full to provide relief to our
variable rate home loan customers. Home loan customers may also change their
mortgage direct debits and make adjustments aligned with their circumstances via
the CommBank app or NetBank.

Measuring customer experience

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Most relevant risks

Ongoing cost-of-living challenges continue to put pressure on many of our
customers and communities. We continue to support our customers with a range
of options including improved access to hardship assistance through NetBank and
the CommBank app. For those most in need of support, we offer tailored payment
arrangements with interest-only payments and repayment deferrals, if needed.
Our hardship and extra care teams are trained to provide tailored and empathetic
support to our customers.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

• Customer experience

We are also exploring ways to gain deeper customer insights. We have now
entered our second year of a program that to-date has observed financial
behaviours and decisions inside the homes of over 70 young adult Australians
across 10 locations. Early insights indicate young adults often rely on non-bank
tools to manage finances, revealing unmet needs with their primary bank.

Feedback from customers, particularly
those unable to visit a branch, also
led us to digitise the lodgement
process for Power Of Attorneys and
Financial Management Orders. This
inclusive shift has improved efficiency
and convenience, with over 90% of
lodgements now made online.

SUSTAINABILITY

• Cost of living

Supporting in all the ways we can

We are prioritising key experiences across consumer and small business
banking and are embedding a new approach to collecting direct customer
feedback. This approach seeks to provide a more complete and consistent
understanding of customer experiences, helping us better focus on
outcomes for our customers.

In response to customer dissatisfaction
around fraudulent transactions, we
have increased fraud alerts to 35,000
per day and integrated them with a
self-service tool. We now identify the
majority of fraudulent transactions and
enable customers to lodge disputes in a
matter of minutes without the need to
call or message us or go to a branch.

CREATING VALUE

• Access to banking

We use customer experience surveys to capture feedback, monitor
trends and understand how customers engage with us. We also monitor
operational metrics, including complaints, disputes, wait times and
service availability, providing useful indicators of areas requiring attention.
These metrics together with the Net Promoter Score (NPS), an external
measure of customer advocacy, give us a benchmark to improve on.

Our customers expect simple, seamless
experiences. While we aim to get things
right every time, when things go wrong,
how we respond matters. Feedback and
complaints are valuable opportunities to
listen, learn and improve.

OVERVIEW

Related material topics

Using customer
feedback

We aim to consistently provide superior customer experiences
by understanding our customers’ needs and expectations.

We remain committed to being the bank
for all Australians by providing excellent
experiences, and supporting our customers
and communities in all the ways we can.

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Customer experience,
support and
community impact

76

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY

77

As Australia’s largest bank, it is important that we provide tailored and accessible solutions
to promote the financial inclusion of our customers and communities.

Improving access to banking
We aim to provide products and services that meet the diverse needs of our customers and provide equitable access to help
them achieve their financial goals. We recognise there are systemic barriers to banking and financial inclusion experienced by
some members of the community, and we are committed to understanding and removing these barriers so more Australians
can access banking confidently, independently and with dignity.
We are fortunate to have one in two new migrants to Australia trust us with their banking needs and recognise the unique
challenges they face. This year we updated and improved our Moving to Australia online resources, which provide practical
guidance on opening bank accounts, managing money and accessing digital tools – designed to support a confident start
to life in Australia.
To better support our customers who hold eligible government concession cards, we offer a basic bank account, our
Streamline Basic account, which has no monthly account keeping, overdraw or dishonour fees.
Improving financial inclusion for First Nations customers and communities remains a priority. Alongside our branch teams and
Indigenous Customer Assistance Line, Indigenous Business Banking team, and Indigenous banking concierge offer support
tailored to community needs.

To further strengthen account protection, we introduced a new multi-factor
authentication process for NetBank, requiring customers to confirm login
attempts via the app. This added security layer helps prevent unauthorised
access, even in cases where a user’s password has been comprised.

We are also focused on building strong financial awareness and habits in children. Kit, our pocket money app for kids, used
by over 100,000 customers, helps improve financial capability through fun and interactive learning. This year we introduced
linking between interest-earning CommBank Youthsaver accounts and Kit, allowing kids to transfer and see their money grow.
We also offer Minor Trust accounts through CommSec, allowing parents to hold investments on behalf of their children to help
build their financial future.

For more information on cyber, privacy and data management, see pages 89–91.

Have regular conversations about
scams with family and friends.
Stay informed about the latest
scam tactics.
Remember to implement and
educate others on three simple
steps to help prevent scams:

2. Check: Ask someone you trust
or contact the organisation the
message claims to be from.

Contact your bank immediately
if you suspect a scam.
See more about the campaign and how to
stay safe from scams at commbank.com.au/
scam-tips

We also aim to help more regional Australians stay safe online.
We offered regional Australians access to more than 600 ‘Staying Safe
Online’ education sessions this year. By partnering with local community
groups to expand accessibility to the program, we delivered more than
300 of these free sessions in community centres in regional towns
allowing more people to attend, no matter who they bank with.

Recognising and supporting customers with hidden disabilities
As part of the Bank’s ongoing commitment to deliver more inclusive products and experiences, we joined the Hidden
Disabilities Sunflower program. A discreet symbol, worn as a pin, lanyard or wristband, allows people to voluntarily share with
others that they have a disability or condition that may not be immediately apparent, and that they may need extra support.
We provide training to our retail frontline teams to help them recognise and support customers with a hidden disability or
non-visible condition, and we encourage our customers to wear the symbol if they feel comfortable to do so. The Hidden
Disabilities Sunflower program complements our Equal Access Toolkit, used in all CBA branches and includes practical tools to
support customers who may need an adjusted experience to complete a task in branch independently. We have also recently
launched a new webpage for our neurodivergent customers.
See more about neuroinclusive banking at commbank.com.au/neuroinclusivebanking

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

3. Reject: If unsure, hang up on the
caller, delete the email, block
the phone number. Change your
password if you think someone else
may have it, and make sure you
pick something long and unique.

To deepen our relationship with regional customers and communities we
continued our regional growth initiative. This initiative connects business
bankers with our branch network to support regional advocacy, customer
engagement and brand awareness. CBA also sponsored the National Bush
Summit, a national campaign advocating for regional and rural Australia,
addressing important issues like cost of living, fraud and scams, and the
future of farming and agriculture.

FINANCIAL REPORT

1. Stop: Does a call, email or text
seem off? The best thing to do
is stop and take a breath. Real
organisations will not put you
under pressure to act instantly.

We continue to support regional Australia with over 40% of our branch
network located in regional areas. We maintained the biggest branch
network in regional Australia and extended the CBA-branded regional branch
closure moratorium until the end of July 2027. Our Bank@Post partnership
with Australia Post also helps our customers, especially those in rural and
regional areas, to continue having access to face-to-face banking services.
There are more than 3,300 Bank@Post outlets across Australia, including
in over 1,100 communities where there is no bank branch of any kind.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Research commissioned by CBA revealed that while 90% of Australians
believe that talking about scams with loved ones can raise awareness,
only 8% felt comfortable having a discussion with family about being
scammed. To help bridge this gap, CBA launched a new education
campaign that aims to encourage conversations about the dangers of
scams between generations. By addressing intergenerational knowledge
gaps, it seeks to empower all Australians, particularly older generations,
with the information and tools needed to help them stay safe.

How can I help?

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

We actively engage with customers to provide information about
evolving fraud and scams threats. This year the Bank reached out to
customers through NetBank, the CommBank app, news articles, social
media, in-branch community sessions and campaigns.

Continuing to support our regional communities

SUSTAINABILITY

We also introduced a feature in the CommBank app that allows customers
to see all digital wallets their payment details have been linked to and
remove any they do not recognise. More than 1.3 million customers
have used this feature since launch in August 2024. We have seen a
30% reduction in customer scam losses year-on-year supported by
initiatives including behavioural security, NameCheck, CallerCheck and
CustomerCheck.

CREATING VALUE

More customers than ever are choosing to engage with us through the
CommBank app. We are balancing transaction speed with the need for
a streamlined, safe and secure digital payment experience. New warnings
for first-time payments through NetBank and the CommBank app now
provide enhanced alerts for customers. Increased alerting helped to
reduce customer-reported fraud by 40% over the year.

OVERVIEW

Fraud, scams, cyber threats and financial crime
continue to impact many Australians. We have more
work to do and remain focused on investing to help
protect our customers and communities.

Educating our customers on fraud
and scams

Supporting financial inclusion

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Making banking safer for our customers

78

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY

79

Enabling First Nations economic aspirations

We are committed to supporting our communities as we seek to build a brighter future for all.

Helping address financial abuse

Supporting community organisations

175
number of community
grants awarded

$4m

We want to improve access to basic banking services for remote First Nations customers and communities to support
their financial inclusion. Our teams, supported by First Nations employees, work with local organisations to share
the program’s purpose, better understand community needs and offer banking support. Since the program’s launch
in March 2024, we have supported over 2,300 customers across 22 locations covering 32 remote communities in
Australia, including Wurrumiyanga in the Tiwi Islands, and Pormpuraaw and Kowanyama in the Cape York Peninsula.
During our visits, our people help open accounts, including for children under the age of 14, help restore access to
banking services, resolve identification issues, and assist with fraud and other enquiries.
See more about our First Nations Reach Program at commbank.com.au/firstnations

total value of community
grants awarded

34%
of our Australia based people
participate in workplace giving

Investing in next generation
football talent

FINANCIAL REPORT
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

We continue to support the Growing Football
Fund in partnership with Football Australia.
This year an additional 118 community clubs
and associations were awarded grants to fund
initiatives aimed at driving women and girls’
participation in grassroots football. The Growing
Football Fund is on track to achieve its ambition of
supporting the attraction and retention of 50,000
female participants by 2026, with record growth
in women and girls’ participation in the sport. It
has also supported a range of coaching initiatives
focused on upskilling community coaches. This
year we extended and expanded our partnership
with Football Australia, which will see CommBank
become the naming rights partner for the
Socceroos, joining the CommBank Matildas.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

This year we awarded 175 community grants to community organisations
across Australia, doubling the grant value to $20,000 from $10,000 per grant
in previous years. Five regional grant recipients were each awarded an additional
$100,000 to amplify their impact in the community. One of these recipients was
Farm Angels. They were awarded a total of $120,000 towards their mission to
support Australian farmers by providing vital relief and hope during challenging
times, aiming to improve mental health outcomes in rural areas.

First Nations Reach Program

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Through the CommBank Staff Foundation, volunteering and other charitable
and employee giving initiatives, we have provided support to hundreds of
community organisations. CBA supports workplace giving and contributed
$2 million to the CommBank Staff Foundation, matching all donations from
our people. The Foundation gives our people the opportunity to show their
support to long-standing charitable partnerships including Can4Cancer, where
we had over 8,400 participants in 2024 raising funds for cancer research. Our
people are also empowered to support organisations they care about through
our annual community grants program. The grants program helps relieve cost
pressures for community organisations such as those supporting mental health,
victim-survivors of domestic violence, children’s health, migrants and refugees,
and more.

See more about our FY26-28 Reconciliation Action Plan at commbank.com.au/reconciliation
SUSTAINABILITY

We support selected not-for-profit organisations delivering
innovative responses to financial abuse recovery through our
Next Chapter Innovation program. This year we launched
the second cohort of the Next Chapter Innovation program,
specifically focused on helping to address financial abuse
in First Nations communities. We have provided more than
$1 million to date through Next Chapter Innovation together
with a range of non-financial support, including executive
support and mentoring, to help accelerate innovative
responses to financial abuse.

Since 2008, we have improved our understanding of the role we can play in
reconciliation. We recognise that initiatives are more effective and impactful
when First Nations peoples are leading solutions and are involved in the design
and delivery of initiatives. We have worked with our Indigenous Leadership
Team and Indigenous Advisory Council to develop a set of principles that
aim to strengthen our engagement with First Nations peoples. Over the next
three years, we will work to apply these principles to the way we deliver our
reconciliation priorities as set out in the RAP.

CREATING VALUE

The Financial Independence Hub (FIH) delivered by Good
Shepherd Australia New Zealand and funded by CBA,
continues to provide free, confidential and ongoing support
for people who have experienced financial abuse, regardless
of who they bank with. Since inception in 2020, the FIH

has supported 12,589 participants to help them feel more
confident with money, regain control over their finances and
plan for the future. We have reaffirmed our partnership with
Good Shepherd Australia New Zealand from July 2024 until
June 2028 to continue supporting FIH participants on their
road to long-term financial independence.

OVERVIEW

Our Next Chapter program is our long-term commitment
to help address domestic and family violence (DFV) and
financial abuse in Australia. Our Next Chapter team
continues to provide free and confidential support to victim
survivors of DFV and financial abuse, no matter who they
bank with. This year the Next Chapter team provided
support through over 18,500 individual interactions.
We also continued to block transactions due to abusive
language, stopping over 320,000 transactions this year.
Our AI model continues to identify over 3,600 cases each
year which are further reviewed by our Next Chapter team.

The Bank has a longstanding commitment to reconciliation, having launched
our first Reconciliation Action Plan (RAP) in 2008. Through the RAP program,
Reconciliation Australia supports organisations to take meaningful action
to contribute to reconciliation. Through our FY26-28 RAP, we seek to be a
trusted partner to First Nations peoples as they achieve their social, cultural
and economic aspirations. Our RAP focuses on strengthening relationships
with First Nations communities, providing meaningful career opportunities,
supporting First Nations business growth, and improving access to banking
products and services. In recognition of our contribution to reconciliation, our
FY26-28 RAP received Elevate status from Reconciliation Australia.

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Contributing to our communities

80

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY

81

We continue to monitor and evaluate progress against our culture and
customer ambition. Our annual organisational culture assessment
and action plan helps us identify opportunities to safely deliver
improvements for customers, sooner.
One of our priority cultural initiatives is focused on connecting all
our people with customers. To support our pursuit of excellence
in customer experience, we are developing opportunities that
will allow more of our people to connect with customers, helping
them understand how they can contribute to improving customer
experiences. We are expanding our branch visitations program to
help our people who are not in customer-facing roles visit, observe
and interact with our frontline teams to gain a deeper understanding
of our customers’ needs, experiences and challenges.

OVERVIEW
CREATING VALUE

Progressing our culture and engaging our
people to continually improve customer
experiences and deliver our strategy.

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Engaged and
supported workforce

Progressing our culture

Related material topics
• Artificial intelligence
• Diversity, equity and inclusion
• Employee engagement
• Employee wellbeing and
mental health
• Gender
• Talent and skills
Refer to materiality on pages 72–73.

Most relevant risks
• Business disruption and
technology
• Environmental and social
Refer to risk on pages 65–67.

Most relevant strategic pillars

To continue improving our customers’ experiences and maintain our leading main
financial institution position, we need to be more ambitious in how we pursue
improvements for our customers. Improvements need to be delivered with
greater urgency and without compromising the important gains we have made
in risk management.
As we continue to progress our culture, we have introduced two cultural priorities
highlighting our responsibility to be more ambitious in our pursuit of excellence
in customer experience, and a commitment to learn and get better every day.

Our cultural priorities
Commit and act
to learn and get
better every day

... and improve the important gains in risk
culture, risk management and operational
discipline over the past five years.

85

85

May 24

Nov 24

May 25

Recognising our people
Our annual excellence awards recognise
our people who reflect our values
and leadership principles, and the
behaviours, including risk management,
that will help us achieve our customer
ambition. The excellence awards align
with our cultural priorities, recognising
breakthrough outcomes, impactful
learning and customer excellence.
One of this year’s award winners, Gijo
Mathew, was recognised for his role in
rebuilding an automated verification
system for home loans and accelerating
the digital home loan approval process,
creating a much better experience for
our customers and people.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Be more ambitious in our
pursuit of excellence in
customer experiences

84

FINANCIAL REPORT

Refer to strategy on pages 16–25.

We are always looking for ways to enhance our people’s experience at work and
understand how we help our people deliver the greatest impact for our customers,
communities and shareholders. We seek regular feedback from our people
through various channels and forums, including employee research panels, focus
groups and surveys. Our people and culture surveys include an annual culture
deep dive, fortnightly pulses and team-led listening as needed. Leaders and teams
receive insights about culture, employee experience and the core behaviours to
deliver better customer outcomes. In our most recent survey, people engagement
was 85%, an increase from last year’s result of 84% in May 2024.

People engagement index (%)

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

• Artificial intelligence

Since the 2018 APRA Prudential Inquiry we have made a significant shift in our
culture to become a customer and risk-focused organisation with greater risk
maturity, transparency and discipline. We refreshed our values and developed our
leadership principles to describe how to lead successfully at the Bank. We have
also adopted new ways of working to deliver faster and safer outcomes for our
customers, while managing risk.

Listening to our people

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

• Employee development

A culture focused on
customer excellence and
continuous improvement

SUSTAINABILITY

We are also building more reflection points into our ways of working
to help us learn from both successes and setbacks. This allows for
courage in sharing experiences, deeper curiosity, and committing
to actions to enhance our customer focus and get better every
day. We recognise that effective teams have adaptability and drive
to turn every challenge or success into an opportunity for growth.

82

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY

83

Attracting talent and developing key pipelines

Reflecting the customers and communities we serve

To help us deliver our strategy we continue to prioritise talent attraction and retention, particularly for critical skills in
technology. We are committed to creating a culture of continuous learning so that our people can continue to grow and
develop, and we remain a workplace of choice for key talent. To attract and retain the right people, we are differentiating
our experience by providing personalised progression with pathways to upskill, reskill and grow careers.

We recognise the value in diversity of thought and having a team that reflects the customers and communities we serve. We want
to create an environment where everyone feels included, safe and respected at work. As we work towards this, we are focused
on initiatives which strengthen inclusion and prevent behaviours and norms that can normalise disrespect and lead to inequality.
Our business unit inclusion and diversity councils and seven employee diversity networks support the execution of our strategy
by providing feedback and lived experience.

Fostering employee wellbeing
We are committed to providing a positive and supportive environment where our people feel safe
and respected at work. Our protect, care and thrive model helps guide our decision making.

Reskilling in Business Banking

160+
reskilled with 62% securing next role

Protect

Care

Thrive

Community skilling

We want to protect our people,
customers and communities by
reviewing and improving our programs
to mitigate risk and minimise harm.

We care for our people’s health and
wellbeing and want them to feel
comfortable bringing their whole
selves to work.

We want to optimise our
people’s potential, performance
and prosperity.

students, parents and advisors
reached through the human
skills program activity

Our people-centred approach is
informed by data, driving early
detection of potential issues, risk
profiling that delivers predictive
and preventative insights, and
evidence-based solutions. We conduct
regular health, safety and wellbeing
assessments across our domestic and
international offices, including targeted
reviews in high-risk environments to
improve safety maturity.

Leadership is key to supporting
our people in feeling physically
and psychologically safe at work.
Leadership capability is a key focus
and leaders are encouraged to engage
in wellbeing conversations, including
how to refer team members to
appropriate support.

1.1m

The Financial Fitness program
aims to equip our people with the
knowledge and practical steps
needed to take control of their
finances and pave the way for a
brighter financial future. Through
a series of engaging and interactive
exercises, the program helps
strengthen savings habits and
supports our people in setting and
achieving meaningful financial goals.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

All employees are required to complete
mandatory training which reinforces
their responsibilities in maintaining
a safe, respectful and inclusive
workplace. The training covers hazard
identification, duty of care and how
to escalate concerns appropriately.

A dedicated early intervention team
supports our people with physical and
mental health, and wellbeing-related
issues. We have enhanced the support
provided to our people experiencing
difficult situations such as DFV or
financial distress. This year we have
also launched a GP and telehealth
service, providing all our people with
easy, direct access to healthcare
services at no cost.

To learn and get better every day,
we actively engage with our teams
to understand how to improve the
wellbeing experience and deliver the
right tools, learning resources and
assistance to help our people reach
their full potential.

FINANCIAL REPORT

To help our people build future skills we have delivered a range of
upskilling and reskilling initiatives in partnership with UNSW. We
have reskilled over 160 people for frontline Business Banking roles
with 62% securing their next opportunity internally. More than
640 of our people participated in our Advance Analytics upskilling
program, receiving a digital certificate.

people completed Advanced
Analytics program in
partnership with UNSW

See more about our commitment to inclusion and diversity at commbank.com.au/diversity

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Upskilling and reskilling our people

640+

See more about how we are reducing our gender pay gap in our CBA Employer Statement.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

We continue to invest in community skilling that helps build
strong, diverse talent pipelines for the Bank and Australia. We
continued our partnership with Year 13, which offers free and
easily accessible programs for young Australians. This year we
launched a career tools program on human skills that are resilient to
technological advancements and will become even more important
for employability. With the pace of technological change and AI
advancement, the program aims to help high school students
identify the skills they have, learn how to articulate those key skills
and build on them.

Upskilling our people

SUSTAINABILITY

Our ‘AI for All’ and ‘AI Deep Dive’ micro learning series continues to help
our people learn what AI is and how to use it responsibly. There have
been over 100,000 module engagements on AI this year, with 98%
of survey respondents saying they have a better understanding of AI.
However, human skills such as leadership, empathy, good judgement
and smart risk taking remain key focus areas in our skilling strategy.

We are working towards achieving 47-50% gender equality in Executive Manager and above roles, having reached 45.1%
this year. Our goal of 3% Aboriginal and/or Torres Strait Islander representation in our domestic workforce remains a focus,
with current representation at 1.4%. We are also aiming for 40% cultural diversity in Executive Manager and above roles,
with representation at 39.0% this year.
The Bank remains committed to improving gender equality outcomes. We continue to see a lower proportion of women
in senior and higher-paying technical specialist roles, which is reflected in our Workplace Gender Equality Agency (WGEA)
median gender pay gap of 26.8% and average gender pay gap of 21.3% as at 31 March 2025. We will continue to work
to reduce our gender pay gap across the Bank and continue taking action to accelerate progress.

Investing in future skills
Technology and customer expectations continue to reshape our ways
of working. We want our people to learn, build and apply the skills
that prepare us for the future of work. We continue to empower our
people with scaled access to the latest AI products, including more
than 17,500 of our people granted access to Copilot. With more of
our people now accessing AI tools in their role, it is important that we
help them to use the technology responsibly and effectively to drive
better customer outcomes. Our approach to upskilling and reskilling
remains focused on the technical, behavioural and leadership skills
required to deliver our strategy and manage risk.

This year we reviewed our 2025-2028 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion strategy. We reset and aligned our diversity goals across
gender equality, Indigenous workforce representation and cultural diversity. While we have made progress, there is more to do.
We have set 2028 as the target date for these refreshed goals.

CREATING VALUE

We are focused on developing talent pipelines, including through our graduate program and our career comeback program.
This year we welcomed 350 graduates into the program with over 200 in technology and have expanded our career comeback
program into engineering and financial crime. Since 2021, 43 individuals have been placed in our career comeback program
with 97% offered employment upon completion. Building awareness and early engagement with students remains a focus,
sponsoring community initiatives targeting potential talent through Girls in Tech, She Codes, Day of AI, ABCN Tech Programs,
Vogue Codes and CSIRO Young Indigenous Women in STEM programs. Recognising the importance of diverse talent pipelines,
we continue to explore alternative pathways to secure entry-level technology talent. We have adopted the T-EDI Standards, a
data-driven set of principles to support inclusion in technology. We have also made a commitment with the NSW Digital Skills
and Workforce Compact to hire 20% of entry-level technology talent through alternate pathways by 2030.

OVERVIEW

Helping our people thrive

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Building tomorrow’s workforce today

84

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY

85

• Human rights
• Occupational health and safety
• Operating responsibly
• Reputation
• Responsible lending
• Risk culture
• Stakeholder engagement
• Suppliers and supply chain
Refer to materiality on pages 72–73.

• Artificial intelligence
• Business disruption
and technology
• Cyber security

Given the significance of environmental, social and governance issues, the
Board has responsibility for overseeing efforts to improve the experience and
outcomes of CBA customers, monitoring our culture and considering the material
environmental and social impacts of our activities. The Board oversees the Group’s
Risk Management Framework (RMF) and approves the risk appetite statement
(RAS), which embeds a culture focused on disciplined risk management. The Board
also approves a range of key Group policies and frameworks. Some of these include
the Remuneration Policy, Code of Conduct, Diversity Equity and Inclusion Policy,
E&S Policy and Framework, and Work, Health and Safety policies.
Our frameworks help embed our policies and procedures across the organisation.
All employees undertake compulsory annual training relevant to their role.
This supports business decisions and fairer customer and community outcomes.
For more information on our approach to corporate governance, see pages 34–57.

• Financial crime compliance

For more information on how we are managing our risks, see pages 58–67.

Our culture, policies, procedures and processes aim to support good customer
outcomes. Importantly, we also look to understand where our products may not
deliver good outcomes for some customer cohorts and where we can improve.
We have developed resources to further support our people to do this by
assessing five key areas of customer outcomes.

Five key areas of a customer outcomes assessment
Feedback and complaints from our
customers help us to improve our
product offerings.

Asking ‘Should We?’

Through product changes and in-life
product reviews, asking this question
helps us do the right thing and meet
community expectations.

Delivering accessible
and inclusive
products, services
and experiences

Our goal is to deliver inclusive products,
services and experiences that provide
equitable access and dignity for all our
customers, communities and people.

Designing with
vulnerability
in mind

We help to protect our customers
by designing products, services and
experiences that consider vulnerability
in the design process.

Designing safer
products

Safety by design principles are intended
to put customer safety and rights at the
centre of the design, development and
release of online products and services.

• Financial risk
• Fraud and scams
• Privacy and data management
• Regulatory compliance
Refer to risk on pages 65–67.

Most relevant strategic pillar

Refer to strategy on pages 16–25.

We have also become the first
bank to join prefabAUS, the
peak body for Australia’s offsite
construction industry. Our
membership will sponsor the
development of a standard form
contract for the modern methods
of construction sector.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Respecting
and elevating
customer voice

Accessing housing is an increasing
concern for many Australians.
The speed and efficiency of
prefabricated construction could
help increase housing supply.
Historically prefabricated homes
have been challenging to finance.
To help alleviate financial barriers
with prefabricated properties,
we introduced policy changes to
improve access to finance.

FINANCIAL REPORT

• Environmental and social

Designing and providing products and services for better customer outcomes
requires a deep understanding of their needs and circumstances. Where our
products and services fall under design and distribution obligations, we have
Target Market Determinations which set out how a product or service is
intended to meet customer needs and objectives.

Amending our policy
to help housing supply

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Most relevant risks

Effective governance is essential for delivering our strategy and helps drive better
outcomes for customers, shareholders and financial system stability. Since the
2018 APRA Prudential Inquiry we have focused on our governance, culture and
accountability. We continue to strengthen policies, systems and processes to
deliver improved outcomes for stakeholders.

Providing responsible products
and services

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

• Modern slavery

Managing our business responsibly

See our Code of Conduct at commbank.com.au/policies

SUSTAINABILITY

• Business ethics and conduct

As we are committed to learning and getting better every day, we updated our Code of Conduct this year. The changes reflect
what we have learned from recent experiences where we did not get the right outcome for our customers. Where expectations
have changed and customers have been impacted, we may go back and undertake reviews; where we did not get the right
outcome for our customers, we will remediate to make things right. The code is designed to help strengthen both how we meet
our legal and regulatory obligations, and how we act ethically and fairly. It has been updated to explain the importance of first
asking ‘Must We?’ and ‘Can We?’ to support compliance with our legal and regulatory obligations, before asking ‘Should We?’.

CREATING VALUE

Related material topics

One in three Australians and one in four businesses trust us as their main financial institution. Caring for our customers,
communities and one another, having the courage to lead by example, and demonstrating our commitment to doing what is right
is how we earn trust. We introduced our Code of Conduct in 2018 to guide our decision making in every situation and embed our
values across the whole organisation. Since then, it has become an essential part of helping us do what is right and to help deliver
fairer and ethical outcomes for our customers, especially when we face difficult decisions.

OVERVIEW

We aim to manage our business responsibly
with a culture that requires us to do what is
right to meet our customer and community
expectations, and regulatory obligations.

Supporting better customer and community outcomes

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Governance, culture
and accountability

Operating responsibly for our customers

86

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY

87

Respecting human rights

Engaging with our regulators

Our E&S Framework sets out our minimum requirements
through which we seek to manage the potential impacts of
human rights in relation to the Bank’s operations, supplier
management, and financing and bond facilitation.

Domestic financial regulators play an important role in maintaining the stability, fairness and efficiency of Australia’s financial
system. A strong financial system protects consumers and contributes to the country’s prosperity. Trust and confidence in our
financial system attracts investment in Australian banks, enabling us to lend to Australian households and businesses.

It is important that payment regulation applies to popular payment
solutions such as digital wallets and buy-now-pay-later services. To
simplify the system, we support removing surcharging for both credit
and debit cards with safeguards so that small businesses are supported
and benefit from lower costs. With interchange fees supporting a range
of benefits valued by customers and merchants, appropriate pricing
and economics across the payments ecosystem is essential for a safe,
reliable, sustainable and innovative payments system.

In October 2024 CBA entered into an amended Enforceable
Undertaking with the Australian Communications and Media

Authority, after paying a $7.5 million fine for breaches of
certain provisions of the Spam Act 2003 (Spam Act). We are
committed to improving how we classify electronic customer
messages and strengthening our systems, processes and
controls to support ongoing compliance with the Spam Act.
ASIC’s Better Banking for Indigenous Consumers project
included observations on the way banks, including CBA,
can provide effective products and services to First
Nations customers. In response, CBA committed to making
discretionary payments to certain identified customers
relating to certain fees dating back to July 2019. CBA
has contacted the majority of eligible customers and
made discretionary payments. CBA has engaged with
ASIC regarding its response to ASIC’s project, including
ASIC’s concerns regarding fees paid by a broader cohort
of concession customers.

For more information on how we promote the health, safety and wellbeing
of our people, see page 83.

Speaking up
We strive to create a work environment that promotes the right behaviours. Providing our SpeakUP services supports
our people and external partners to raise concerns safely, including anonymously if desired. Support and protection
are provided to whistleblowers under the Group Whistleblower Policy and applicable laws.
The Audit Committee and an executive committee receive reporting on the operation of SpeakUP three times a
year and quarterly, respectively. This year 408 reports were made to the SpeakUP Program, up from 331 in 2024.
Of these reports, 68 were whistleblower disclosures.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Where we have not met our regulatory obligations, we
seek to fully cooperate with regulatory investigations
to remediate any harm and put things right.

A range of key programs and processes help us maintain a safe
workplace. This includes our ‘Respect Lives Here’ initiative and our
health and safety management system. ‘Respect Lives Here’ is our
prevention initiative focused on building a shared understanding
of respectful and disrespectful behaviours at work. This year we
again partnered with the University of New South Wales to survey
all of our people, listen to their experiences, and provide practical
guidance on becoming active bystanders when something does
not feel right. As part of our prevention strategy, our education
and training programs help people understand our expectations
of appropriate workplace behaviour. This includes how to identify,
report and address conduct-related issues.

FINANCIAL REPORT

This includes responsible lending obligations, which
aim to encourage prudent lending and minimise the risk
that retail customers will not be able to make their loan
repayments. Retail customer-facing employees complete
annual responsible lending training and assessments,
where required by their role. We also periodically
review, audit and assure our lending processes.

Our focus on the health, safety and wellbeing of our people
helps them reach their full potential. It also reflects the right of
all people to work in an environment that is free from unlawful
workplace conduct, such as discrimination, harassment, sexual or
sex-based harassment, bullying and victimisation. We have always
taken our obligations to keep our people safe seriously and the
positive duty for organisations is aligned to our approach.

The Bank expects appropriate standards of conduct in accordance
with our Code of Conduct at all times. We take appropriate
disciplinary action in relation to any breaches of our Conduct
Policy, the Code of Conduct or our values, up to and including
dismissal from employment.

Meeting our regulatory obligations
To meet our regulatory obligations and deliver better
customer outcomes, we have policies and procedures
in place and track our obligations to our customers.

Fostering a safe workplace

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

The interaction between these policy changes and proposed legislative
changes to the Payment Systems (Regulation) Act 1998 are important
and complex. The RBA is consulting to ensure there are no unintended
consequences and any changes are in the best interest of Australia’s
payments ecosystem and end users.

We recognise that it is in
Australia’s national interest
to have an Australian bank
providing banking services in the
Pacific, helping to promote social
and economic integration. This
year CBA committed to opening
a banking agency in Nauru to
provide limited transaction,
savings and merchant services.
CBA is working closely with the
Australian Government and the
Government of Nauru to deliver
a smooth transition of services
later this calendar year.

See our E&S Framework and Grievance Process Framework
at commbank.com.au/policies

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Delivering a safe, reliable and efficient payments system is a regulatory
priority. We welcomed the RBA review of merchant card payment
costs and surcharging as an opportunity to deliver better outcomes
for consumers and small businesses. Customer preferences towards
contactless payments and ecommerce is growing with electronic
payments being the lowest cost form of payment to accept for merchants.

Supporting national
outcomes

This year we expanded access to our Human Rights of
First Nations Stakeholder Grievance Process by enabling

See our Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking statement
at commbank.com.au/reporting

SUSTAINABILITY

Improving payments regulation

As part of our processes, we aim to identify human rights risks
we consider to be relevant to our business activities. Our ESG
risk assessment tool assists our bankers to identify and assess
relevant human rights risks that our customers are exposed to
as part of our commercial and corporate lending processes.

The Bank continues to monitor transactions. We use a
library of red flags and typologies to identify potential
money laundering, terrorism financing and other financial
crime offences including flags for modern slavery and
child exploitation.

CREATING VALUE

Globally, bank deregulation has emerged as a significant topic. Domestically, there is increasing investor interest in the
impact of regulation on housing affordability, access to credit, regional banking, and fraud and scams. Australia’s regulation
has served our economy well through uncertain times. Financial regulators have a key role in considering regulatory reforms
that could address domestic issues such as housing affordability and access to banking services. CBA aims to engage with
regulators on key issues, and share our customer insights and other relevant perspectives.

During the year members of our Indigenous Advisory Council,
Modern Slavery Advisory Council and Community Council
provided important connection points to help inform our
approach to key human rights issues.

OVERVIEW

We maintain transparent and constructive relationships with both financial and non-financial regulators to support strong
and consistent outcomes for our customers and the broader community. CBA engages proactively with regulators to listen
to feedback and respond in a timely manner to meet our regulatory engagement principles and obligations.

grievances to be raised via phone to our Indigenous
Customer Assistance Line. The process seeks to provide
an avenue for First Nations stakeholders to raise, directly
with us, concerns regarding possible human rights
impacts connected with CBA’s business lending activities.
No grievances were raised through this process this
financial year.

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Meeting stakeholder expectations

88

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY

89

CBA engages governments directly, as well as through our industry memberships in relation to public policies
that impact banking and sustainability issues. Our approach to advocacy is focused on issues that may impact
national long-term prosperity. Over the past year, we have engaged on the following policy areas:
Contributing to housing policy development
Australia’s transition to net zero in support
of a whole-of-economy transition plan

Fair competition in the payments system and
investment in future payments infrastructure

Responsible use of AI
Legislative reforms to provide additional cyber
protections for Australian citizens and businesses

A sustainable cash-in-transit sector and
long-term access to cash

CBA is one of the largest taxpayers in Australia. We recognise the important contribution taxes make to support
Government assets and services. Our approach to managing our tax affairs is in accordance with CBA’s values,
purpose and strategy. Our commitment is to comply with prevailing tax laws in all jurisdictions that we operate in,
and to maintain transparent and collaborative relationships with tax authorities.
See our Tax Transparency Code at commbank.com.au/reporting

Related material topics
• Cyber security and resilience
• Data security and management
• Fraud and scams
• Privacy
Refer to materiality on pages 72–73.

Reviewing our climate-related
commitments against
industry commitments

The Bank’s external communication
and engagement policy prohibits
political donations in the form of
cash or money. We will pay to attend
political events and forums. This year
we spent $78,400 with the Australian
Labor Party, $77,619 with the Liberal
Party of Australia, and $18,500
with the National Party of Australia.
These payments are disclosed to the
Australian Electoral Commission in line
with State and Federal regulation.

Suppliers are important partners in delivering our strategy and
managing our risks. We contract with over 3,100 Australian suppliers,
including over 1,600 Australian small businesses. Indigenous-owned
suppliers are providing products and services to the Bank and this
year we spent over $62 million with Indigenous suppliers, up 177%
compared to FY24. As part of our FY26-28 RAP, we are aiming to spend
a cumulative $100 million with First Nations businesses over the next
three years, with a focus on introducing new suppliers where practical.

• Cyber security
• Financial crime compliance
• Financial risk
• Fraud and scams
• Privacy and data management
Refer to risk on pages 65–67.

Most relevant strategic pillars

Refer to strategy on pages 16–25.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Working with our suppliers

• Business disruption and
technology

We are committed to helping protect our customers and the broader community
from fraud, scams, cyber threats and financial crime. Doing so requires a
whole-of-ecosystem approach. We are committed to working with governments,
regulators, banks and other industries to support a national response.

FINANCIAL REPORT

CBA is a member of the Australian Sustainable Finance Institute, where
we have contributed to its Taxonomy Technical Expert Group. We are also
a member of the Green Building Council of Australia, which is focused on
leading the sustainable transformation of the built environment, and the
Electric Vehicle Council, which aims to increase certainty for investment
through policy.

Position on political
donations

• Artificial intelligence

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CBA has made a number of climate-related public commitments. These
include supporting net zero by 2050 as part of collective efforts to limit global
temperature rises. We have supported the development of a sustainable
finance taxonomy and welcomed development of sectoral pathways, as well
as supported the implementation of mandatory climate-related financial
disclosures. These public commitments align with the Australian Banking
Association and Business Council of Australia positions.

Most relevant risks

Banking is an essential service for customers, who depend on having secure and
reliable access to cash and payment systems. CBA has a role to play in protecting
our customers and contributing to financial system resilience. We understand the
importance of continued investment and resources to keep our systems resilient,
minimise disruption and protect customer data. However, as cyber threats grow
more sophisticated and frequent, the risks to our customers, communities and
operations continue to evolve.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

• Financial crime

Improving customer trust in banking

SUSTAINABILITY

Our approach to tax

CREATING VALUE

Supporting regional banking services

Improving customer trust in banking by
keeping our systems running safely and
protecting our customers.

OVERVIEW

A whole-of-ecosystem approach to help reduce
fraud and scams

Cyber security, privacy
and data management

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Advocating responsibly

90

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY

91

Cyber resilience and information security remain key
priorities for the Bank. As cyber threats become more
frequent and complex, we continue to invest in strategies,
advanced technologies such as AI and GenAI, and skilled
teams to help protect our customers, assets and data.

Tech Council of Australia and the Group of Eight Australian
Universities on the inaugural Australian Cyber Exchange
2025, which aimed to showcase and strengthen Australia’s
sovereign cyber security capabilities.
We continue to strengthen our cyber resilience by regularly
reviewing and testing our approach, as well as engaging
external firms to assess and provide feedback. We look to
integrate insights from these assessments into our risk
mitigation strategies to help enhance our protective and
defensive capabilities.
We consider cyber security a shared responsibility across
the Bank. Our people play a key role by helping build secure
processes and products, and effectively identifying and
responding to cyber threats. We have built a large and capable
security team of approximately 1,400 people and actively
support developing the next generation of cyber talent.
For more information on how we manage cyber security risk,
see pages 64–65.

We have a responsibility to protect the personal information of our
customers. We apply processes and controls to respect and protect
our customers’ personal information, aiming to prevent data breaches
and responsibly govern personal information in accordance with our
internal privacy policy. Our public Group Privacy Statement provides
transparency on how the Bank collects and handles personal information,
in compliance with privacy laws.
Following the enactment of the Privacy Act 1988 reforms in December
2024, we are working to update our Group Privacy Statement to provide
greater transparency on how we use personal information for our
automated decision-making processes, including the types of personal
information used. We continue to enhance our personal information
management processes through periodic reviews of our RMF, and
updates to internal policies and standards. For suppliers who collect
or handle customer personal information, we have processes to assess
whether their data and privacy governance, policies and incident response
measures are in line with our responsibilities.

CREATING VALUE

To help support system-wide resilience and strengthen
the national security ecosystem, we engage closely with
Government and industry. Alongside industry partners,
we contributed to a consultation process that led to the
introduction of Australia’s first standalone cyber security law
– the Cyber Security Act 2024. We also collaborated with the

Safeguarding customer privacy

OVERVIEW

This year we enhanced the resilience of our cloud
infrastructure and improved key cyber control operations.
For example, we implemented near real-time code scanning
to help detect and mitigate risks associated with sensitive
information in our code. We are adopting AI tools to help
detect and neutralise external threats more efficiently. We also
worked with our suppliers to enhance their data and system
security, helping to further strengthen our own resilience.

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Vigilance on cyber security

SUSTAINABILITY

Recognising the ever-evolving challenges of safeguarding personal
information, we are committed to meeting our regulatory requirements,
with customer and community expectations in mind.
See our Group Privacy Statement at commbank.com.au/privacy
For more information on how we manage privacy risk, see page 65.

Keeping our customers safe

1,400

invested this year to help protect our customers against
fraud, scams, cyber threats and financial crime

of our people dedicated to security

Money mule scams are an increasing
form of financial crime in Australia,
particularly targeting students
and young people. This year CBA
partnered with media company
Campus Group to raise awareness
on the scams across 13 university
campuses nationwide. The campaign
focused on educating students
about the risks and consequences of
mule scams, helping them recognise
and avoid potential threats.

To better protect our community from financial crime, we introduced
QR Cardless functionality in the CommBank app to enable secure,
card-free ATM transactions. This feature eliminates shared credentials,
verifies identity for every transaction, and uses behavioural and geolocation
analytics to detect suspicious activity.

Faster financial crime assessments using AI in the Business Bank
We are actively exploring how AI can support our teams in combating financial crime. This year we deployed an
AI-driven solution to accelerate early detection and response in financial crime risk assessment. The model enhances
prioritisation of potential cases in the Business Bank, enabling analysts to concentrate on high-risk threats. Initial
deployments of the model have demonstrated an improvement in detection, strengthening our analytical capabilities,
and enhancing protection for customers and the broader community. This initiative reflects our commitment to
innovation and safeguarding stakeholder trust.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Protecting and serving our customers begins with how we
manage data – one of our most valuable and differentiating
assets. Access to good quality data means we can make
better decisions faster, mitigate risks, and deliver more
innovative and personalised customer experiences. It also
serves as a key input in our AI solutions. Our ambition is to
make it easier for our people to securely access data faster,
enabling them to unlock greater value from data. This year
we have made progress modernising our data technology
and used AI to reduce complexity and duplication in our data.

Alongside industry partners, we continue to contribute to the Fintel Alliance’s
efforts to combat money laundering, terrorism financing and other serious
crimes. This year we worked with AUSTRAC and other major banks to
analyse 56 million data points under $10,000, uncovering criminal patterns
that would be difficult for individual institutions to detect alone.

Raising scam awareness

FINANCIAL REPORT

Modernising our
data infrastructure

As a major financial institution, we play a key role in combatting
financial crime to help protect the integrity of the financial system, our
customers and communities. We continue to invest in detection and case
management capabilities to better assess risk across customers, channels
and products, while strengthening our AML/CTF compliance to meet
regulatory obligations in Australia and other jurisdictions. To support
identification and management of risk, we systematically review guidance
from regulators, intergovernmental bodies such as the Financial Action
Task Force, and non-government resources to understand and address
emerging financial crime trends and typologies.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

+$900 million

Combatting financial crime

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Keeping our customers safe is a priority. This year we commenced rollout of multi-factor authentication (MFA) as an
added layer of protection against unauthorised access to customers’ accounts and to keep their money safe. We began
our phased rollout of MFA in April 2025 to our NetBank registered customers who are also CommBank app registered.
Once enrolled, each time a customer logs into online banking, they will need to confirm the login attempt through our
CommBank app.

92

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY

93

• Digital innovation
Refer to materiality on pages 72–73.

Most relevant risks
• Artificial intelligence
• Business disruption and technology
• Cyber security
• Financial crime compliance
• Financial risk
• Privacy and data management

Our ambition is to responsibly harness data and emerging technologies to better
understand customer needs and deliver superior digital experiences. We empower
our people with advanced tools and insights, and enable them to focus on what
matters most – supporting customers with seamless, personalised banking
experiences. We continue to attract and retain top talent in AI and engineering.
We also remain committed to responsible AI practices that drive safety and trust
as we scale AI capabilities across the Bank.

We continue to engage with the Federal Government in shaping
AI regulation in Australia. This year we provided feedback on their
proposed mandatory AI guardrails. We also engaged over 30 community
organisations through our Community Council in meaningful dialogue about
our AI journey and approach, while also listening to their concerns and
perspectives on AI.
We regularly review our responsible AI approach, to keep pace with evolving
technology, regulations and best practices. As the AI landscape continues
to shift, we expect our approach to evolve accordingly.

#1
in AI maturity in APAC 1
See more about our approach
to AI and our AI principles at
commbank.com.au/artificialintelligence

For more information on how we use data, AI and technology to deliver safe and exceptional
customer experiences, see pages 20–23.

Refer to risk on pages 65–67.

Most relevant strategic pillars

We recently launched the AI Factory, our platform for safely testing,
developing, and scaling advanced AI models on our proprietary data. Built
on Amazon Web Services (AWS) latest infrastructure, it enables our teams
to train and fine-tune AI models faster and more efficiently. The AI Factory
helps support increased scale, performance and sophistication in GenAI use
cases by addressing Australian language and banking nuances. We can now
process data at an unprecedented scale enabling us to run a deep learning
model over 3 trillion data points across 4 billion transactions. Generating
one million data points is 50% faster and requires 90% less compute time
because of our transition from Central Processing Units (CPUs) to Graphics
Processing Units (GPUs). GPU-based models can transcribe approximately
100,000 call centre interactions in 15 hours, a task that would have
previously taken three times as long.

AI has the potential to enhance customer experiences by making products and services more personalised and easier
to use. As digitisation accelerates, the demand for electricity will continue to grow. It is important to recognise
and address the environmental impacts of AI, particularly related to energy and water use. While we purchase the
equivalent of 100% renewable electricity for our Australian operations, which include our Australian data centres
within our operational control, much of our AI compute capacity is provided by third-party providers.
We also seek to minimise water impacts in our operations and report annually on water usage in our commercial
and data centre operations. We are continuing to work with key suppliers to better understand the climate-related
impacts of services they provide to us to gain a more precise and comprehensive picture of our carbon footprint,
including with our providers of AI services.

1 Ranked by the Evident AI Index. Top five among global banks for AI maturity, including transparency of responsible AI activities.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Environmental impacts from AI
FINANCIAL REPORT

Refer to strategy on pages 16–25.

Accelerating innovation with AI Factory

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

• Fraud and scams

Banking is becoming increasingly digital, and stakeholders expect innovation that
delivers secure, personalised and seamless experiences. We are strengthening our
digital capabilities by modernising our technology and data platforms, embedding
AI and analytics into our core services, and investing in scalable infrastructure to
support operational resilience.

We continue to establish partnerships that help us strengthen our
approach to responsible and human-centred AI development. This year we
collaborated with MIT to understand how we can enhance our AI-powered
products, refine risk practices and advance AI advocacy. The collaboration
begins with two research projects focused on establishing best-practice AI
risk mitigation strategies and designing AI-powered tools that enable better
human and AI collaboration. We also expanded our strategic partnership
with Anthropic and held a three part education series to upskill over 2,300
of our people on agentic coding and responsible AI practices.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

• Digitisation

Strengthening our digital capabilities

This year we enhanced our generative responsible AI toolkit to better assess
model performance across areas like accuracy, fairness, reliability and privacy.
We have also introduced a guide to help our developers identify the types
of problems that are best solved using GenAI. To promote safer customer
interactions with our GenAI solutions, we implemented technical guardrails
designed to detect harmful content, sensitive data and jailbreaking attempts.

SUSTAINABILITY

• Artificial intelligence

We have developed responsible AI principles. These guide how we apply
our existing risk management framework and policies to design, develop,
deploy and manage AI across the Bank. Our responsible AI toolkits provide
model owners and developers with clear, practical guidance to assess
model performance, test for bias, and help to enable fairer and consistent
customer outcomes.

CREATING VALUE

Related material topics

The adoption of AI can offer customers an enhanced banking experience,
but we recognise the risks associated with the use of AI. Our responsible
approach to AI focuses on managing these risks, while seeking to maximise
customer benefits.

OVERVIEW

Investing in technology and innovation to
deliver seamless, secure and personalised
digital experiences.

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Digitisation, innovation
and artificial intelligence

Transforming banking with
responsible AI

94

95
COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Social – Our customers
30 Jun 24

30 Jun 23

30 Jun 22

30 Jun 21

Total customers 1

18.2

17.6

17.1

16.6

16.7

– CBA customers

14.8

14.3

13.8

13.2

13.3

– Bankwest customers 1

1.2

1.2

1.2

1.3

1.3

– ASB customers 1

2.2

2.1

2.1

2.1

2.1

Digitally active customers

9.8

9.3

8.7

8.0

7.6

– CommBank app customers

9.1

8.5

7.8

6.9

6.4

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 23

30 Jun 22

30 Jun 21

#

Commonwealth Bank – Net Promoter Score
7.3

8.4

3.9

4.5

0.8

1st

1st

1st

2nd

2nd
19.0

Online banking NPS

12.8

12.0

11.1

16.8

– Rank

1st

1st

1st

1st

1st

Mobile banking app NPS

28.1

29.3

26.2

30.7

30.0

– Rank

1st

1st

1st

1st

1st

Business NPS

7.4

(2.7)

7.5

(3.2)

(5.8)

2nd

1st

1st

1st

34.7

49.1

52.3

36.5

44.0

– Rank

2nd

1st

1st

2nd

1st

Consumer NPS

(1.3)

3.6

12.8

19.5

11.8

– Rank

8th

7th

3rd

3rd

4th

Consumer NPS

25.0

21.3

23.6

29.5

32.5

– Rank

3rd

3rd

3rd

3rd

3rd

Business and rural banking NPS 2

(2.1)

5.2

(0.5)

(7.4)

4.0

– Rank

2nd

1st

1st

1st

1st

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 23

30 Jun 22

30 Jun 21

984,493 1,211,808

Bankwest – Net Promoter Score

ASB – Net Promoter Score

Customer complaints

#

480,378

538,954

921,855

– Resolved within five days

%

89

90

93

94

96

Escalated to an external dispute resolution
(EDR) scheme

#

6,804

8,359

6,871

5,384

5,419

– Privacy complaints

#

130

156

98

61

123

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 23

30 Jun 22

30 Jun 21

#

881

2,247

2,275

1,806

–

avg per
week (bn)

199

274

214

184

–

Cyber defence

Phishing sites taken down 4
Signals analysed for potential cyber threats 1,5

A more complete set of metrics is available for download at commbank.com.au/sustainabilityreporting
1 Not assured by PwC.
2 NPS methodology changed in 2023. Prior years are not comparable.

Assurance report
PwC has provided assurance on these metrics on pages 95–99, for the year ended 30 June 2025, or as otherwise specified.

The PwC Assurance Report is provided on pages 430–437.

3 Year on year reduction in customer complaints driven by prevention initiatives, external factors such as stabilisation and reduction of interest rates and
improvements in the accuracy of complaint capture.
4 The reduction in phishing sites reflects a shift from phishing sites directly emulating CBA and/or the Group brand to indirect phishing tactics. Additionally, law
enforcement engagement has enabled disruption to prominent campaigns targeting CBA and/or the Group.
5 Methodology updated to reflect changes to data models and enhanced logic. Change was reflected from 1 July 2024. Prior years are not comparable.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

For definitions of metrics in this section, see Glossary on pages 438–451.

FINANCIAL REPORT

Received 3

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

1st

Institutional NPS

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

– Rank

SUSTAINABILITY

Consumer NPS
– Rank

CREATING VALUE

30 Jun 25

Customer advocacy 1

#m

OVERVIEW

Social and
governance
performance
metrics

Customers

96

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY

97

Employees

Social – Our people

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 23

30 Jun 22

30 Jun 21

51,346

48,887

49,454

48,906

45,833

– Australia 1

37,107

36,572

36,697

38,153

37,245

Executive Managers and above roles

– New Zealand (ASB) 1

6,751

5,983

6,016

5,879

5,634

Others
Average per employee

#

– India

6,788

5,630

4,721

2,854

–

– Other1, 2

700

702

2,020

2,020

2,954

Graduates

350

348

343

241

191

ESG training 1

30 Jun 25
Total

30 Jun 24

Female

Male

26.1

27.2

30.2

31.1

30.0
#

ESG training completed (headcount)

Total

Female

Male

25.3

27.5

29.8

25.6

29.2

25.8

27.7

23.7

31.0

29.0

25.9

27.8

23.8

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 23

30 Jun 22

30 Jun 21

48,987

45,523

44,854

2,911

6,240

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 23

30 Jun 22

30 Jun 21

55,850

53,262

53,754

53,056

49,922

8.4

9.0

11.2

14.8

11.0

Employee turnover – involuntary

%

2.9

3.4

2.4

2.1

1.9

Employment type (headcount)

#

Women in workforce

52.9

53.7

54.4

55.2

56.1

Full-time

33,504

32,259

32,228

32,303

31,112

Women in Manager and above roles

44.8

44.9

45.1

45.5

45.2

Part-time

6,444

6,755

6,656

6,858

7,007

Women in Executive Manager and above roles

45.1

44.9

44.0

43.1

41.7

Casual

826

880

529

266

294

Women in Senior Leadership (Group Executives) 2

50.0

41.7

41.7

41.7

27.3

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 23

30 Jun 22

30 Jun 21

31 Mar 25

31 Mar 24

31 Mar 23

31 Mar 22

31 Mar 21

%

0.42

0.30

0.58

0.51

0.72

Executive General Manager

0.98

0.98

0.93

0.92

0.86

days

10.2

10.2

9.2

8.7

7.8

General Manager

1.00

0.99

0.99

0.99

0.98

Executive Manager

0.98

0.98

0.99

0.98

0.98

Manager/Professional

0.99

0.98

0.98

0.97

0.97

Team Member

1.01

1.01

1.01

1.01

1.00

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 23

30 Jun 22

30 Jun 21

6.6

6.8

6.5

7.0

7.1

Safety and wellbeing

Lost time injury frequency rate
(LTIFR)
Absenteeism

Gender diversity

Gender pay equity
(female to male base salary comparison) 3

55,768

55,076

56,814

59,575

51,926

People engagement

%

May 25

Nov 24

May 24

Sep 23

Mar 23

Sep 22

Mar 22

85

85

84

82

84

85

85

Sep 24

Sep 23

Sep 22

Sep 21

Employees working flexibly4

85.4

81.0

84.9

84.9

Employees with caring responsibilities

59.5

59.5

59.4

56.6

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 23

30 Jun 22

30 Jun 21

2,372

2,312

2,250

2,188

2,160

– Female employees 1

1,245

1,281

1,260

1,246

1,173

– Male employees 1

1,126

1,031

990

942

987

People engagement index - CBA
Flexible working

%

Parental leave

Employees who have accessed
parental leave 5,6

#

Age diversity4

%

<25 years
25–34 years

31.9

32.2

32.9

32.3

30.7

35–44 years

33.8

33.3

32.9

32.5

32.5

45–54 years

18.0

17.9

18.2

18.6

19.9

55–64 years

8.3

8.6

8.2

8.1

8.6

65+ years

1.2

1.2

1.1

1.0

1.1

Sep 24

Sep 23

Sep 22

Sep 21

Sep 20

39.0

37.0

36.0

–

–

Sep 24

Sep 23

Sep 22

Sep 21

Sep 20

Cultural diversity5

%

Executive Manager and above roles
Other diversity metrics

%

Indigenous workforce (ancestry) 6

1.4

1.2

1.0

0.9

0.8

Employees with disability or neurodivergence 7

7.9

6.3

7.6

7.1

6.5

Employees who identify as LGBTQIA+8

4.2

4.8

5.1

4.8

4.9

FINANCIAL REPORT

#

ratio

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Health, safety and wellbeing
training 3

%

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

#
%

SUSTAINABILITY

Headcount
Employee turnover – voluntary

CREATING VALUE

1, 2

Employee training

hrs per
employee

OVERVIEW

30 Jun 25

Total full-time equivalent (FTE)

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Social – Our people

1 ESG training has been updated to include mandatory Accessibility and Inclusion training, introduced in 2023. Prior periods have been restated.
3 Definition has been refined to include employees on secondment. Prior period numbers have been restated.
1 Not assured by PwC.
2 India-based employees reported under ‘other’ for periods prior to FY22.
3 The health, safety and wellbeing training number is higher than FTE as the training is assigned annually and to new employees.
4 In 2024, the flexibility question in the Group’s annual people and culture survey was revised to reflect employees who agreed they have the flexibility needed to
manage both work and personal commitments. Previously, it captured those who had used one or more flexible work options in the past 12 months. As a result,
prior periods are on a similar but not identical basis.
5 Female and male figures may not sum to total as it includes data where selected gender is ‘not specified’ or ‘other’.
6 Our employees are entitled to 18 weeks parental leave which they can access in consecutive and non-consecutive blocks.

4 Numbers may not sum to 100 due to rounding.
5 Assured for the first time in FY25.
6 Prior to 2024, Indigenous workforce data was captured through the ancestry question in the people and culture survey. In 2024, a standalone question was
introduced to enhance clarity and representation.
7 In 2024, the disability question in the people and culture survey was updated to include neurodivergence. As a result, figures prior to 2024 reflect the proportion
of employees who disclosed having a disability, chronic illness or other medical condition.
8 In 2024, the people and culture survey separated questions on sexual orientation and gender identity. As a result, current year figures reflect employees
identifying as Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Queer, Asexual, Pansexual or other. Prior year figures reflect those identifying as Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender,
Queer, Intersex, Asexual, non-binary/gender diverse or other.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

2 Not assured by PwC.

98

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY

99

$m

Governance
30 Jun 24

30 Jun 23

30 Jun 22

30 Jun 21

Total community investment

338.9

329.2

264.0

239.0

247.4

– Cash contributions

25.1

25.4

27.1

30.0

37.5

– Value of time volunteering

4.3

3.8

2.5

0.7

1.2

282.2

274.2

210.5

188.2

27.3

25.8

23.9

– Forgone revenue
– Program management costs

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 23

30 Jun 22

30 Jun 21

Total Directors

10

9

10

11

10

– Female

4

4

5

5

4

– Male

6

5

5

6

6

187.5

Independent Non-Executive Directors

9

8

9

10

9

20.1

21.2

Female Directors on Board

%

40

44

50

45

40

Group compliance training 2

%

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 23

30 Jun 22

30 Jun 21

Training completion rate – Code of Conduct

99.9

99.9

99.8

99.6

99.5

Training completion rate – mandatory learning

99.9

99.9

99.8

99.6

99.5

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 23

30 Jun 22

30 Jun 21

%

2.3

2.3

1.8

1.8

2.0

Our commitment to help address financial abuse

#

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 23

30 Jun 22

30 Jun 21

Financial Independence Hub (participants supported) 1

3,606

4,505

1,598

1,440

1,440

Next Chapter Interactions 2

18,748

21,215

20,560

17,107

–

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 23

30 Jun 22

30 Jun 21

Community reputation

#

RepTrak reputation score 1

64.9
30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

66.3
30 Jun 23

63.3
30 Jun 22

65.0
30 Jun 21

Indigenous cultural development
(training completion rate)

%

35.7

40.4

41.7

55.8

17.8

Indigenous Customer Assistance Line (ICAL) - calls
received

#

341,980

260,004

198,504

184,927

181,460

$’000

62,694

22,654

9,078

7,028

6,093

– Direct spend 4

62,100

22,200

8,338

7,028

6,093

– Directed spend

594

454

740

–

–

Australian Indigenous supplier spend 3

#

1,959

2,259

1,122

1,071

1,825

– Sexual harassment/sex-based harassment 1

Substantiated misconduct cases

15

18

11

5

2

– Discrimination

0

0

0

0

1

– Harassment, bullying, victimisation 1

4

2

3

0

0

– Fraud/theft 1

56

41

47

23

25

1,884

2,198

1,061

1,042

1,798

184

180

119

76

105

1

– All other breach of role expectations, policy or
process 1
Misconduct cases resulting in termination

62

71

57

26

39

SpeakUP Program disclosures

408

331

331

317

335

– Whistleblower disclosures

68

65

81

96

123

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 23

30 Jun 22

30 Jun 21

Incidents and outages

#

Data breaches reported to the OAIC

3

4

5

3

6

Significant IT incidents 3

8

4

8

21

20

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Conduct captured by The Banking Industry Conduct
Background Check Protocol 1

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Indigenous community support

65.8

Conduct and whistleblowing

#

SUSTAINABILITY

30 Jun 25

Total community investment as a percentage
of cash net profit before tax

Board composition 1

CREATING VALUE

30 Jun 25

OVERVIEW

Community investment

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Social – Our communities

FINANCIAL REPORT

2 FY25 Next Chapter interaction figures have been refined to exclude internal (Community Wellbeing) guidance, providing a truer reflection of the team’s direct
support provided to individuals. This change ensures the metric more accurately represents the core purpose of the Next Chapter team. Prior period figures have
not been restated.
3 Increase in line with our commitment as part of our FY26–28 RAP, we aim to achieve a cumulative spend of $100 million with First Nations businesses over the
next three years.
4 Does not include identified corporate credit card spend of $83,904 in FY25 with Indigenous suppliers. Credit card spend is not assured by PwC.

1 Not assured by PwC.
2 Training completion rates are not 100% as allocated training may be overdue. There are remuneration consequences for employees who do not meet their
training obligations.
3 The rise in Significant IT incidents is primarily driven by record high change activity, however the proportion of incidents caused by change has reduced and
faster resolution times have decreased the duration of incident disruption.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

1 Not assured by PwC.

100

101
COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT
OVERVIEW

Climate
disclosures

CREATING VALUE
SUSTAINABILITY

Important information as you
read this section

Page

Message from our Chair and CEO

102

Supporting Australia’s energy transition

104

Strategy

108

Governance

135

This information should be read together with pages 413–414
(Key sources of uncertainty and limitations) and page 452
(Important notices).

Risk

141

Please read the important guidance, limitations and important
notices throughout this section to aid your understanding.

Metrics and targets

160

For more information on our basis of preparation, reporting boundaries, calculations, methodologies,
assumptions and key references used in the preparation of our climate disclosures, see the Climate disclosures
appendix on pages 389–429.
For definitions, see the Glossary on pages 438–451.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

While the Group has prepared the information in this section
based on its current knowledge, understanding and in good faith,
it reserves the right to change its views in the future. Except
as required by applicable laws or regulations, the Group does
not undertake to publicly update or review any forward-looking
statements, or the assumptions on which they are based.

In this section

FINANCIAL REPORT

This section discusses scenario analysis. There are inherent
limitations with scenario analysis and it is difficult to predict
which, if any, of the scenarios discussed in this section might
eventuate. Scenarios do not constitute definitive outcomes or
probabilities, and scenario analysis relies on assumptions that
may or may not be, or prove to be, correct and may or may not
eventuate. Scenarios may also be impacted by additional factors
to the assumptions disclosed.

We believe affordable, reliable energy is critical
for Australia’s prosperity and future economy.
We remain committed to supporting Australia’s
transition to net zero by 2050.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

This section includes climate-related information and other
forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements
are not guarantees or predictions of future climate outcomes and
metrics, financial performance or share prices. The statements
are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other
factors, many of which are beyond the Group’s control. Readers
are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements
in light of the significant uncertainty in climate metrics and
modelling that limit the extent to which they are useful for
decision making, and the many underlying risks and assumptions
that may cause actual outcomes to differ materially.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

This section contains climate-related metrics and exposures that
relate to the full year ended 30 June 2025 with comparisons
to the full year ended 30 June 2024, unless otherwise stated.
Financed emissions and sector-level goal and target progress are
lagged due to customer emissions reporting cadences, and are
therefore for the full year ended 30 June 2024 with comparisons
to the full year ended 30 June 2023.

102

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

103

Balancing trade-offs
to support the transition
Australia needs effective climate
change policies that reduce emissions,
provide investment certainty, support
economic growth, and minimise
increased costs for essential goods
such as food and electricity.

Harder-to-abate sectors, such as
transport, agriculture and heavy industry
are important sectors for Australia’s
future economy and need balanced,
long-term support to transition. While
these sectors make up a smaller portion
of our lending, compared to housing,
our aim is to continue working with
our customers in these sectors and
exploring ways we can help them
reduce their environmental impact.

We are supportive of an affordable
and reliable energy transition that is
inclusive and considers the needs of
Australian communities. To deliver this,
we need efficient regulation to help
accelerate energy supply and contribute
to productivity. With appropriate sharing
of costs and benefits, we believe
Australia can transition to net zero by
2050 and create a brighter future for all.

Paul O’Malley
Chair

Matt Comyn
Chief Executive Officer

Our goals and targets remain
aligned to 1.5°C scenarios. We
believe this continues to be the
right setting against which to
track our progress. We remain
committed to achieving our
goals and targets and continue
to monitor progress. Although
we reassessed the feasibility of
sector-level financed emissions
targets for the Australian
agriculture sector, we have not
set any new goals or targets
this year.
For a summary of our goals and
targets, see pages 162–163.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

The energy sector continues to
be the biggest contributor to
Australia’s domestic emissions.
We believe that affordably
decarbonising Australia’s electricity
grid remains the most important
step for Australia.

Building community support for
Australia’s transition to net zero is
important. We welcome policies
that can help Australia deliver more
affordable and reliable energy for all
Australians, now and into the future.

We continue to provide lending
products and tools that can help our
customers understand the actions they
can take to reduce their emissions,
make their homes and businesses
more energy efficient and aim to ease
cost-of-living pressures.

Closing

As we prepare for new sustainability
reporting, including required
disclosures on climate targets, we
have taken the opportunity to clarify
our aspirations as targets or goals.
We considered factors like CBA’s
control or influence, as well as key
external dependencies, challenges
or assumptions. As a result, some
previously reported targets are
now described as goals. We believe
this change gives stakeholders
greater clarity on how we will
achieve our goals and targets, and
helps to enhance the accuracy and
transparency of our reporting.

FINANCIAL REPORT

Limiting global warming to 1.5°C above
pre-industrial levels appears increasingly
difficult and the pathway to net zero,
globally, is looking narrower. The
Australian Government is continuing
to develop a national Net Zero Plan
to guide our country’s transition to
meet our legislated target of net zero
greenhouse gas emissions by 2050.

Meeting Australia’s 2030 interim
emissions reduction target requires
significant investment. Estimates
suggest Australia’s transition to net
zero needs more than $600 billion of
investment by 2050 to decarbonise
the nation’s industry and energy
systems. CBA can support our
customers to fund their transition.

Given one in three Australians and one
in four Australian businesses call us
their main financial institution, we play
an important role in financing economic
activity. However, the main driver of
emissions reductions for our retail and
small business customers is Australia’s
electricity grid transitioning.

Physical climate risks to homes, national
infrastructure and communities pose
a growing challenge for affordability,
insurability and long-term economic
resilience. With only around 20%
of Australia’s $60 billion nationally
significant infrastructure initiatives
designed to mitigate climate risks,
there is more work to do on building
national climate resilience. We would
welcome reforms that build a shared
understanding of physical climate risks
to help inform decisions by households,
lenders, insurers and governments.

Since commencing our journey
we have continued to learn more
about sector-level pathways,
actions we can take and key
dependencies in achieving our
targets. Stakeholders have noted
that some of our sector-level
financed emissions targets are
dependent on external factors,
including decarbonisation
of Australia’s electricity grid.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Energy security is crucial to the
success of the Australian economy.
Australia is facing a critical moment
in the energy transition, needing to
deliver important national energy
infrastructure that lowers emissions
quickly and affordably.

All energy sources and grid stability
approaches have trade-offs such as
emissions intensity, cost, time-to build and
impacts on nature. We see an important
role for governments and industries
to balance and communicate those
trade-offs and develop sound policies.

Continuing to support
our customers

Looking ahead

We set our first operational
emissions targets in 2009 and our
first sector-level financed emissions
targets in 2022. We take meeting
our commitments seriously. We
are pleased to have achieved our
2025 Scope 1 and 2, and Scope 3
operational emissions reduction
targets, and to be on track for
12 of our sector-level financed
emissions goals and targets.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Australia’s transition to a net zero economy by 2050
is underway. Government policies, and new generation
and transmission infrastructure are assisting. As the
bank for all Australians, we remain committed to
helping our customers and supporting Australia’s
transition to net zero by 2050.

While progress on meeting Australia’s
renewable energy target is commendable,
over reliance on one energy source can
lead to vulnerabilities in our electricity
markets, blackouts and increased costs,
putting more pressure on energy bills.
We welcome the Australian Energy
Market Operator’s (AEMO) work on
approaches to grid stability.

This year we reviewed the settings in our
E&S Policy and Framework. Following our
review, we are expanding our Transition
Plan requirements to include thermal
coal clients who derive 25% or more of
their revenue from the sale of thermal
coal. Our policy settings continue to
reinforce our climate strategy.

We continue to transparently
outline our rationale for the
commitments we make in
supporting Australia’s transition
to net zero by 2050.

SUSTAINABILITY

The demand for electricity in Australia
is increasing due to economic
and population growth, increased
digitisation and electrification. Access
to affordable and reliable energy
sources is needed to support Australia’s
prosperity and future economy.

Grid reliability risks include extreme
weather, energy shortfalls and
operational issues with ageing coal-fired
power generators facing early closure.
Government and national energy bodies
have signalled gas will remain a key
part of Australia’s energy mix during
the transition. This is a pragmatic
trade-off, as gas currently remains
critical for key industrial processes, as
well as serving as a secure and reliable
back-up to renewables. We note the
Government is currently undertaking
the Gas Market Review to consider the
effectiveness of the current framework
to, amongst other things, ensure there
is sufficient domestic supply. Balancing
environmental and economic outcomes,
while increasing renewable energy and
maintaining grid stability, is needed.

Progress on our
commitments

CREATING VALUE

Historically, Australia has been a
reliable energy producer and exporter,
making affordable energy prices
a competitive advantage. As we
transition to a net zero economy, we
need to maintain this advantage to
support Australian living standards and
help build a brighter future for all.

The Bank’s exposure to the upstream
oil and gas extraction sectors is low at
<0.1% of total committed exposures
(TCE). Our lending portfolio will continue
to evolve alongside Australia’s energy
transition. Our Environmental and Social
(E&S) Policy and Framework has long
recognised Australia’s need for a secure
energy platform. We expect certain
upstream oil and gas extraction and
coal-fired power generation customers
to have Transition Plans, including Scope
3 emissions, before we provide corporate
or trade finance, or bond facilitation.

OVERVIEW

Australia’s future economy
needs more affordable
and reliable energy

Expanding renewables in Australia’s
electricity grid has been challenging
due to insufficient transmission
infrastructure and complex planning
processes across different levels of
government. AEMO has modelled
that Australia can meet its renewable
target provided planned investments
are delivered, making critical energy
infrastructure a national priority. Policy
coordination is also needed to better
integrate consumer energy resources
into the grid, benefitting the system
and all consumers.

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Message from our
Chair and CEO

104

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

105

Australians broadly support a focus on the nation’s climate change ambitions but are concerned about the impact on their cost
of living and quality of life. The transition requires government and industry to balance and communicate competing trade-offs
between energy sources. Effective system management and grid stability will continue to be important to maximise use of
renewables while preventing potential blackouts.

Australia’s Climate Change Authority (CCA) has published six sector pathways. 1 The CCA’s report identifies potential
technologies and actions for each sector that, taken together, could deliver net zero emissions for Australia by 2050.

The table below includes key sectors 2 informed by the Bank’s sector-level financed emissions. The table summarises each
sector’s emissions profile based on government sources, along with the potential technologies and actions needed to support
Australia’s transition to net zero by 2050, adapted from the CCA’s report.

Affordably decarbonising Australia’s
electricity grid is essential for
Australia’s economy.

Electricity
(Power generation)

Australian housing and
commercial property

Transport

Heavy industry

Agriculture

7%

18%

• Light electric vehicles
(EVs)
• Mode shifting

• Electrification for
low and medium
temperature process
heat
• Energy efficiency
• Circular economy
• Material substitution
• Steelmaking with
electric arc furnaces

• Enhanced fertilisers
• Improved herd and
pasture management
• Manure management
• Off-grid renewable
energy
• Limiting deforestation
and increasing
reforestation

• Electrification
• Hydrogen
• Renewable fuels,
for example Sustainable
Aviation Fuel (SAF)

• Electrification/hydrogen
for high temperature
process heat
• Carbon capture and use
• Direct air capture and
engineered removals
• New technologies like
direct reduced iron ore
• Markets for low
emissions products

• Renewable fuels
• Battery electric farm
vehicles
• Feed supplements and
vaccines

Contribution to Australia’s emissions 3

34%

>20%

4

21%

Technologies and actions needed by 2050

Replacing coal-fired power stations with renewables is challenging. The nation needs
to address long planning timeframes, supply chain constraints and increase community
support for infrastructure. Installing rooftop solar remains popular with consumers. The
Government’s renewable energy target provided Australia with direction. Recent policies
including the Capacity Investment Scheme and Rewiring the Nation are helping to accelerate
the transition.

Achieving Australia’s emissions targets and producing reliable, affordable energy requires
effective community engagement and policies that seek to maintain our country’s
energy advantage.

Not yet mature and in development
• Hydrogen
• New battery and
storage technology

• Grid integration

1 The six sectors in the CCA report are ‘Electricity and Energy’, ‘Transport’, ‘Industry and Waste’, ‘Agriculture and Land’, ‘Resources’ and ‘Built Environment’.
2 Excluding emissions for coal mining (thermal and metallurgical coal) and upstream oil and gas extraction which contribute to approximately 18% of Australia’s
total emissions, refer to page 429 for sources.
3 For more details on the emissions calculation methodology for each sector, refer to page 429 for sources.
4 Emissions for the ‘Australian housing and commercial property’ sector include Scope 2 emissions which are produced from electricity purchased or acquired.
These emissions are captured within Scope 1 emissions by the ‘electricity (power generation) sector’. Emissions represent total carbon emissions as estimated
by the Department of Climate Change, Energy, the Environment and Water (DCCEEW).

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

With generation capacity and transmission infrastructure progressing, Australia is better
placed to meet its 2030 target of a 43% reduction in emissions below 2005 levels. It is
our understanding that Australia should be able to produce sufficient generation to meet
growing demand over the next decade, provided current State and Federal Government
projects to build renewable and dispatchable generation, transmission assets and policies to
coordinate consumer energy resources eventuate. Ongoing monitoring, policy adjustments
and managing new challenges are essential for helping Australia remain on track.

• Electrification (hot
water, cooking, air
conditioning)
• Rooftop solar and
battery storage
• Energy and thermal
efficiency measures

FINANCIAL REPORT

Electricity accounts for around 34% of Australia’s emissions. Decarbonising the electricity
grid is critical to the decarbonisation of other sectors, including housing – the largest
sector that CBA finances. For Australia, and the Bank, to achieve its emissions reduction
ambitions, the electricity grid needs to decarbonise.

• Wind
• Solar
• Lithium batteries
• Pumped hydro
• Gas-fired generation
• Transmission
• Energy efficiency
measures
• Synchronous condensers

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Currently available and mature

As Australia’s economy and population grows, households and businesses electrify,
and digitisation increases, the demand for electricity will continue to grow. A reliable
and affordable electricity grid is integral to the economy and Australia’s future prosperity.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Key sectors 2

SUSTAINABILITY

The CCA recognises that emissions must fall across all sectors, however each sector is on a different pathway to net zero
by 2050. For some sectors, like power generation, with coordinated planning, the pathway may be steep and rapid as
technologies are mature and ready to scale. Sectors like agriculture, however, are expected to experience a slower and more
gradual path as technologies are in early development. Government policy support and investment are needed to accelerate
the deployment of early-stage technologies and actions.

CREATING VALUE

Reducing emissions in key sectors

OVERVIEW

Supporting
Australia’s
energy
transition

Renewable energy generation is increasing. However, high electricity costs remain a concern for consumers and businesses.
Australia needs to find affordable ways to achieve its 2030 renewable energy target and maintain system stability. We continue
to support AEMO’s view that flexible gas-powered generation is crucial in a high renewable electricity system. Along with batteries
and pumped hydro, gas can provide critical backup to variable renewable energy, reliability as coal-fired power stations retire, and
flexibility to adapt to demand changes. Gas plants, capable of rapid startup, help to provide continuous electricity supply and
support grid reliability and stability, especially during high-demand periods and extreme weather.

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Maintaining system reliability and stability

106

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

107

Financed emissions by sector as at 30 June 2024
In-scope drawn lending exposure by sector

We acknowledge encouraging behavioural shifts or action
on climate change can be challenging, take time and
requires trust. As we approach 2030 our focus will be on
working with our customers and suppliers to help them
understand the actions they can take to transition and
build their resilience to climate impacts.

0.5%

Power generation

<0.1%

Thermal coal mining 3

0.4%
Aviation

For important information on how we have assessed the materiality of climate change, see pages 70–73.

Shipping

0.9%

Option 1 – blue version with faded cloud background & white icons

Our value chain of emissions-producing activities and where we can have the most impact

1

Motor vehicle finance

<0.1%

Upstream oil and
gas extraction 3

4.3%

1.9%

6.9%

0.1%

Australian
commercial
property

1.8%

Australian
agriculture

<0.1%

Heavy industry

3

1.1%

New Zealand agriculture

20.0%

Other lending 2

Power generation

Thermal coal mining 3

9.9%
Aviation

0.9%

Shipping

3.7%

Motor vehicle finance

1.9%

Upstream oil and
gas extraction 3

17.3%

Australian housing

3.3%

Australian
commercial
property

8.5%

Australian
agriculture

13.3%

Heavy industry 3

11.3%

New Zealand agriculture

27.9%

Other lending 2

Data <0.3% not visible in pie charts.

0.3%
emissions

99.7%
<0.1%

Building resilience and supporting an inclusive transition

emissions

emissions

Upstream activities

Direct operations

Downstream activities

Selected Scope 3 2

Scope 1 & 2

Selected Scope 3 2

Financed emissions

We define operational emissions as our Scope 1, 2 and
selected Scope 3 emissions (excluding financed emissions)
resulting from the operations of our business for the Bank,
including ASB, CBA India and other overseas operations.

Financed emissions are our Scope 3, Category 15 emissions
resulting from the emissions we finance through our lending.
They are estimated based on an attributed proportion of our
customers’ emissions.

These emissions are attributed to a range of activities, including:

These emissions are attributed to a range of activities, including:

Heating and
cooling our
buildings

Powering our
data centres

Travelling to meet
our customers

Energy our home
loan customers
use to heat and
cool their homes

Energy our business
customers use to
power their buildings,
plants or equipment

Emissions produced
by livestock on
our agribusiness
customers’ farms

Emissions from
the use of petrol in
passenger and light
commercial vehicles
that we finance

1 Diagram not to scale. Value chain emissions represented in this diagram are based on market-based operational emissions data as at 30 June 2025
and financed emissions data as at 30 June 2024. Financed emissions data is lagged due to customer emissions reporting cadences.
2 We currently report selected Scope 3 emissions. We will continue to focus on quantifying our Scope 3 emissions in line with new mandatory climate
reporting requirements.

1 ASB is subject to a separate New Zealand mandatory disclosure regime and expects to publish a standalone climate report later this year. Their targets are not included
in this calculation.
2 Other includes the following financed emissions categories: New Zealand housing; New Zealand commercial property; other agriculture, forestry and services; other
mining oil and gas; other utilities and services; other manufacturing; other transport and storage; and other business lending. Refer to the financed emissions table on
pages 164 –165 for more information.
3 In line with the Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials (PCAF) Standard, our financed emissions calculations consider our customers’ Scope 3 emissions in these
sectors. We do not currently consider customers’ Scope 3 emissions in other sectors. Further reporting of our financed emissions may include Scope 3 in additional sectors,
see pages 392–399 for more information on our methodology.
4 In-scope portfolio excludes exposures in the finance and insurance, and government administration and defence Australian and New Zealand Standard Industrial
Classification (ANZSIC) codes. Portfolios not assessed include consumer finance (excluding Australian motor vehicle finance) and commercial property outside of Australia
and New Zealand.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Energy to
power our
branches and
buildings

Increasingly frequent and severe weather events are
impacting insurance affordability, intensifying cost-of-living
pressures for homeowners and reducing the resilience of

We are building our data and analytical capabilities to better
understand the impact of climate on our customers. This
year we launched the Natural Hazard feature pilot in the
CommBank app using the New South Wales (NSW) Rural
Fire Service’s bushfire dataset. The pilot enables customers
to understand whether their property may be located
on bushfire prone land to support their adaptation and
mitigation actions.

FINANCIAL REPORT

Operational emissions

Lower-income households, renters and apartment
residents may find it more difficult to participate in the
home energy transition due to costs, split incentives or
practical infrastructure challenges. We are supportive of
State and/or Federal Government policies that consider
an inclusive transition and address the needs of more
vulnerable communities.

small businesses. Insurance affordability and underinsurance
is already a risk to our customers and is an emerging
risk to the Bank. While we continue to offer emergency
assistance and tailored support options to our customers
and communities, we acknowledge that our efforts have
been focused on short-term, post-event support. We
are supportive of government assistance that considers
long-term outcomes, investment in climate-resilient
infrastructure and home retrofitting programs.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Australia is making progress in transitioning to net zero.
However we acknowledge certain stakeholders may be
disproportionately impacted. This includes businesses
and households who may struggle to switch to loweremissions technologies and regions impacted by changes
in employment opportunities. These challenges can be
amplified by the physical impacts of climate change.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Not assessed 4

63.9%

Australian housing

SUSTAINABILITY

0.1%

For important information on how we have assessed the resilience of our business model, see pages 149–158.

Financed emissions by sector
CREATING VALUE

While climate change is not currently estimated to be
financially material to the Bank in the short term, it is
important that our climate strategy aligns to our purpose.
This means supporting our customers as they take action to
adapt to and/or mitigate the physical or transition impacts
of climate change. Further, the risks we may be exposed to
or the opportunities that may be available to us need to be
assessed, quantified where possible, and have an appropriate
level of control and oversight by management and the Board.

Our in-scope drawn lending exposed to the Australian housing sector accounts for 63.9% of total in-scope drawn lending and
makes up 17.3% of our total financed emissions. The remaining portfolio consists mostly of business lending across a diverse
range of sectors and customers, ranging from small businesses to institutional customers. Lending to upstream oil and gas
extraction, and thermal coal mining accounts for <0.1% of total in-scope drawn lending and is 2.0% of our financed emissions.
Lending to the power generation sector represents 0.5% of our in-scope drawn lending and 1.9% of our financed emissions. CBA
has set sector-level financed emissions goals and targets on sectors that account for 71% of the Bank’s in-scope drawn lending. 1

Since 2009 we have progressively reduced the emissions
from our operations, for example the energy that powers our
branches and buildings. This now makes up less than 1%
of our total emissions. However, the emissions associated
with the lending we provide to our customers is more
than 99% of our total emissions. Importantly, much of the
emissions produced by our customers and suppliers come
from activities or actions that are not within the Bank’s direct
control or are more challenging to influence.

OVERVIEW

Climate change can have a significant impact on the
Australian economy and our communities. Given one in
three Australians and one in four Australian businesses call
us their main financial institution, our role is to help build
Australia’s future economy by supporting our customers
and communities as they navigate the choices they need to
make to transition to a lower-carbon economy.

Financing Australia’s transition to net zero by 2050

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Our role in helping to build Australia’s future economy

108

109

For important information on how we identify climate-related risks and opportunities, see pages 154–158.

Helping build Australia’s future economy

Lending
to support
the transition

Short-term focus

• CBA’s sector-level financed emissions goals and targets
cover 71% of our in-scope drawn lending and are monitored

• Continue working towards our 2030
sector-level financed emissions goals
and targets

• Deployed $10.2 billion of sustainable financing in 2025
• Lending in line with our ESG Credit Standard and
maintaining minimum standards set out in our
E&S Framework

• Lending in line with our ESG Credit Standard
and maintaining minimum standards set out
in our E&S Framework

• Using key partnerships to remove barriers to the transition,
including Farming for the Future and Ruminati

• Delivering insights through partnerships
and our understanding of the economy

• Participating in membership forums including the
Australian Banking Association, Australian Sustainable
Finance Institute (ASFI) and Net Zero Banking Alliance

• Engaging policymakers and industry
to support an inclusive transition

• Momentum and Momentum X events

• Bringing stakeholders together to support
a coordinated transition

• Working with suppliers to better measure Scope 3 emissions
• Banking products and services with E&S features

• Scaling our finance offering

• Tools to support customers to reduce their emissions
for example, Home Energy Assessment Tool, EV
Calculator and the Green Buildings Tool

• Developing tools and services to help
inform customer actions

• Home Energy Upgrades service

• Continuing to provide our carbon
market offering to business and
institutional customers
• Exploring how to support customers
as they invest in natural capital

• Continuing to reduce our operational and supply
chain emissions
• Comprehensive climate stress tests to deepen our
understanding of climate-related risks on CBA
• Nature assessment of our branch fitouts
• Embedding environmental governance in forums and
processes to support the effective implementation of
our E&S work program

• Explore data to help us understand
our nature-related risks, opportunities,
dependencies and impacts
• Review our data sources and methodology
to identify opportunities to calculate our
portfolio’s financed emissions more accurately
• Aim to reduce emissions in line with our 2030
Scope 1 and 2 target, and more accurately
quantify our selected Scope 3 emissions

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Building
environmental
foundations

FINANCIAL REPORT

Helping our
customers
transition and
build resilience

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Our purpose is to build a
brighter future for all, inspiring
us to support Australia’s
transition to a more prosperous,
resilient and sustainable future.
Our climate strategy aims to
deliver on our purpose.

Working
with our
stakeholders

Current state

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Supporting Australia’s transition to net zero by 2050

SUSTAINABILITY

We set our first operational emissions targets in 2009. To further support our climate strategy, in 2022 we set our first
sector-level financed emissions targets. We take meeting our commitments seriously and are pleased to have met our 2025
Scope 1 and 2, and Scope 3 operational emissions reductions targets. We are also below the reference scenario for 12 of our
sector-level financed emissions goals and targets.

CREATING VALUE

While the financial impacts of climate change for CBA may be less immediate and significant when compared to other material
issues, we have developed initiatives which aim to address climate-related risks and opportunities. Our climate strategy
includes mitigation and adaptation actions. Current opportunities include: developing specific banking products and services
to support customers to reduce their emissions and finance their transition or adaptation initiatives; supporting customers
with natural disaster recovery; helping customers to assess their climate risks and develop adaptation strategies; and
collaborating with stakeholders to develop tools, insights and research that can be shared.

OVERVIEW

Strategy

In helping build Australia’s future economy, our climate-related opportunities are centred on supporting our customers to
transition to a lower-carbon economy and in helping them make their homes, businesses or activities more resilient to the
impacts of climate change. We also aim to continue assessing, managing and monitoring our climate-related risks, and
investing in our direct operations to reduce our environmental impact.

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Supporting Australia’s transition
to net zero by 2050

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

111

What are targets and goals?

As at 30 June 2024

2030 goal or target

Australian housing

15.7 kgCO2-e/m

2

Proportion of
total in-scope
drawn lending

63.9%

Proportion of total
In-scope drawn
estimated financed lending as a proportion
emissions
of Group TCE

17.3%

41.7%

Baseline
and year

Reference
scenario

38.8 (FY21)

Emissions
scope

SBTi

1, 2

IPR RPS

1

• Home Energy Upgrades service, including our Home Energy
Assessment Tool

116–117

Goals

Australian commercial property
Office

31.8 kgCO2-e/m2

Retail

30.6 kgCO2-e/m

Industrial

18.2 kgCO2-e/m2

Australian road
(passenger and light
commercial vehicle finance)

Aviation

2

58.1 (FY24)
6.9%

3.3%

4.5%

48.6 (FY24)

• Green Buildings Tool to support our customers to
understand the actions they can take to improve
the energy efficiency of their buildings

30.8 (FY24)

118–119

• Buy and Own a Car platform including EV cost comparison calculator
174 gCO2/vehicle km

0.9%

3.7%

0.6%

245 (FY23)

• Green Vehicle and Equipment Finance
• EV Access Program

76 gCO2/revenue passenger km

0.4%

9.9%

0.3%

103 (FY23) IEA NZE (2021) 1 (For lessors: 3) • Finance newer aircraft and more fuel-efficient aircraft types

120

121

Heavy industry 1
Steel

1.35 tCO2-e/t-steel
0.63 tCO2-e/t-aluminium

Aluminium

5.26 tCO2-e/t-aluminium

Cement

0.55 tCO2-e/t-cement

Power
generation

105 kgCO2/MWh

<0.1%

0.5%

13.3%

1.9%

<0.1%

0.3%

SBTi

1, 2

N/A (FY21)

MPP Oceania

1, 2

N/A (FY21)

MPP Oceania

1, 2

N/A (FY22)

SBTi

1, 2

222 (FY20) IEA NZE (2021)

• Engaging with customers to understand their approach
to achieving their decarbonisation goals

122–123

• Grow lending to renewable energy and electricity
storage to firm renewables

1

• Lending in line with our E&S Framework

124–125

27% reduction vs 2020 baseline

Upstream gas
extraction

17% reduction vs 2020 baseline

Shipping

2.8 MtCO2

0.0 MtCO2

100% reduction vs 2020 baseline

0.36 MtCO2

9% reduction vs 2023 baseline

<0.1%

<0.1%

0.1%

1.9%

0.1%

0.9%

<0.1%

<0.1%

<0.1%

For important information on our financed emissions, and sector-level goal and target methodologies, assumptions and dependencies,
see pages 389–429 in the Climate disclosures appendix.
1 To protect our customers' confidentiality we have not disclosed a baseline number for these sectors. Refer to page 122 for more information.
2 For steel, this goal has been set without a baseline as there were no customers with drawn lending at the time the previous target was set.
3 See the Glossary on pages 438–451 for definition.

2.6
(FY20)
3.3
(FY20)

1.2
(FY20)

IEA NZE (2021)

• Lending in line with our E&S Framework and
sector-level financed emissions targets

1, 2, 3

• Client Transition Plan 3 assessments

Custom (0 by
2030); Compare to
IEA NZE (2021)

• Cease lending to the sector by 2030
• Lending in line with our E&S Framework and sector-level
financed emissions target

1, 2, 3

Below the reference scenario

128

• Client Transition Plan 3 assessments

0.39 (FY23) IEA NZE (2021) 1 (For lessors: 3) • Managed exit of our international institutional banking exposures

Key:

126–127

Between ≥0% and ≤10% above the reference scenario

>10% above the reference scenario

No drawn lending

129

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Thermal
coal mining

1.9 MtCO2

FINANCIAL REPORT

• Client Transition Plan assessments
3

Upstream oil
extraction

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Alumina

N/A (N/A) 2

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

1, 2

• Dedicated products and services, including our Personal
Loan with an energy-efficient discount

SUSTAINABILITY

SBTi

How we are supporting customers

For additional
information
see page(s)

CREATING VALUE

Sector

Portfolio
versus
reference
scenario

OVERVIEW

Targets and goals are specific, measurable and time bound. They are set to manage and mitigate climaterelated risks or pursue opportunities, and are subject to assumptions and monitoring. A target is supported by
specific steps the Bank will take to change our exposures or reduce our emissions. Whereas a goal is a desired
outcome but its achievement is primarily shaped by external factors outside the Bank’s control or influence,
and the Bank has not made a current commitment to change our exposures or other activities to meet the goal.

Our focus is on providing banking services, predominantly lending, to retail and business banking customers
in Australia and New Zealand. A smaller portion of our lending is for large institutional banking customers.
We have set 2030 sector-level financed emissions goals and targets to help us support Australia’s transition
to net zero by 2050.

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Lending to support the transition

Targets

110

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

113

Baseline: reflects our portfolio’s starting point in terms
of absolute emissions or emissions intensity.

2

Actual: our portfolio’s financed absolute emissions or
emissions intensity for a given financial year.

3

Reference scenario: the science-based scenario we
currently use to inform our goal or target and what we
compare our portfolio’s financed absolute emissions or
emissions intensity to. We expect to review these over time.

4

CBA portfolio: an assessment of how the portfolio’s
financed absolute emissions or emissions intensity
estimate for the current reporting period compares to
the reference scenario at the same point in time.

5

Goal or target: our financed absolute emissions or
emissions intensity goal or target for the portfolio
to be achieved by 2030.

For some sectors the charts do not include the baseline or
actual to protect our customers’ confidentiality. This is to
support cases where, for example, only one customer has
drawn lending in the reporting period.
For some sectors, our baseline absolute emissions or emissions
intensity is not the same as the reference scenario base year.
For example, where our portfolio is not representative of the
relevant Australian or global sector, to account for the impacts
of COVID-19 on the sector, or due to data limitations.

Reducing our exposures
to the sector
In some sectors, we may choose
to reduce our overall exposures.

CBA portfolio

3
4
2
5

Target
or goal
Year

To better assist our customers with their sustainability
journeys, we support our bankers with further
learning, development and educational opportunities.
This year Business Banking (BB) partnered with the
Australian Graduate School of Management to deliver
a ‘Future focused banking’ program. The program was
completed by more than 150 of our approximately 800
frontline business bankers. It focused on improving
banker knowledge and skills to discuss the opportunities
and risks of the transition to a lower-carbon economy
with our customers.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Through risk appetite and in some
instances, pricing incentives, we
can actively steer our exposures
within a sector towards less
emissions-intensive customers.

4

1

To help simplify the car purchasing process for our customers
we developed the Buy and Own a Car platform, enabling
customers to purchase cars, including diesel, petrol and EVs.
The platform encourages EV uptake by offering customers
EV and charger discounts, an EV cost comparison tool,
discounted finance, and educational resources to buy
new and used cars. To support eligible essential workers
and those earning under $100,000 per year, we launched
the EV Access Program in partnership with the Clean
Energy Finance Corporation (CEFC). This program offers
lower-cost finance options for EVs under $55,000 enabling
more customers to experience fuel savings through EVs.

We offer tools which can help our customers identify
opportunities to make sustainable business changes.
Our Green Buildings Tool can help customers with
commercial property identify actions which may improve
energy efficiency and reduce emissions in their buildings.
The tool estimates the upfront costs of implementing
these actions, potential reduction in electricity costs upon
implementation and the potential impact on the building’s
National Australian Built Environment Rating System
(NABERS) energy rating. Our Sustainability Action Tool
offers insights, actions and resources to help small-tomedium businesses reduce environmental impacts and
business costs, focusing on energy, transport and waste.

FINANCIAL REPORT

Rebalancing our
portfolio towards less
emissions-intensive
customers

Our Home Energy Upgrades service is designed to support
customers through every step of their home energy upgrade
journey, to help inform their decision making and understand
potential energy bill savings. The service also connects
customers with accredited solar and battery installers
across Australia offering personalised quotes, along with
discounted finance options and special offers. Our Home
Energy Assessment Tool, developed in collaboration with
Home Efficiency Australia, helps educate our customers
by providing them an efficiency score and a cost-benefit
breakdown for different home energy upgrades.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Our approach varies by sector
but can include engaging with
customers, providing insights,
data and dedicated products,
services and tools, as well as
advocating for government
policies that can help them
reduce their emissions.

1

With one in four Australian businesses naming CBA
as their main financial institution, we aim to continue
supporting small-to-medium businesses. We have a
range of sustainable funding solutions to support our
business customers to reduce their emissions, help our
customers save on costs, build resilience and capture
new growth opportunities.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Taking steps that can help
our customers reduce
their emissions

There are five key concepts to understand our
sector-level financed emissions progress.

Australian consumers are increasingly investing in their own
energy transitions with the installation of rooftop solar panels,
battery storage and purchase of EVs. However, the costs to
implement these technologies continues to be a barrier for
many Australians who are seeking energy bill relief or fuel
savings. Our approach is to help guide our customers by
raising awareness of the technologies available, providing
education, connecting customers with installers and EV
manufacturers, and providing financing options and offers.

SUSTAINABILITY

There are three ways we
are working towards our
sector-level financed
emissions goals and targets:

How to read our sector-level charts

Support for our
business customers

CREATING VALUE

Helping our retail customers

Actions we are taking
Many factors can influence our financed
emissions, including the composition of
our lending portfolio, and our customers’
greenhouse gas emissions and activities.
As we work towards our 2030 goals and
targets, our reported figures may fluctuate
up or down. Our approach to setting and
achieving our goals and targets may also
evolve as new data, methodologies and
other factors emerge. Importantly, we
do not expect our customers to follow
the specific sector-level pathways we are
working towards.

There is a role we can play in helping our customers better understand their climate impact
and make more informed choices as part of the transition to a lower-carbon economy.

OVERVIEW

This year we have taken the opportunity to clarify how we classify our aspirations as goals or targets. This resulted in some
previously reported targets now being described as goals, supporting our continuous efforts to enhance the accuracy and
transparency of our reporting. This change is intended to better align to where our pathways for achieving outcomes are subject to
key external dependencies, for example the pace of Australia’s energy transition. We have set 10 goals and five targets covering 71%
of CBA’s in-scope drawn lending. For several of these sectors, including Australian housing, Australian commercial property and
aluminium, lower emissions are heavily reliant on grid decarbonisation. Should the electricity grid not decarbonise at the expected
rate, or if State or Federal Government policy settings do not support decarbonisation, then achieving our goals for these sectors will
be made more challenging. We continue to identify actions we can take to support our customers.

Supporting our retail and
business customers

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Lending to support the transition continued

Emissions metric

112

114

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

115

Lending in line with our E&S Framework
The E&S Framework outlines our minimum requirements that seek to manage the climate impacts of our financing activities,
including bond facilitation. This includes requirements for certain clients in the fossil fuel sectors, which can help us work towards
our 2030 financed emissions targets for thermal coal mining, upstream oil and gas extraction and power generation. As set out in
the E&S Framework, these requirements are subject to Australia having a secure energy platform.

Engaging our institutional customers on their transition readiness

Since we began this engagement in 2022, there has been a
reduction of 23 mining, oil and gas customers. Many of our
customers are currently reporting against the Task Force on

Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) framework
and undertaking additional climate stress testing. This is
expected to increase with the introduction of mandatory
climate reporting in Australia.
While our customers have continued to enhance the
information they can provide us, we acknowledge they may
be at different stages of transitioning their businesses. We
aim to continue working with our customers to understand
their strategies and plans.

41
21 18 18

16

Mining oil and gas

12 12 12

2024

23 23

Transport and storage

7

Manufacturing

2

Business services
and other

3

3

2022

2023

82

Net zero GHG emissions by
2050 (or sooner) ambition

The client has a qualitative net zero GHG emissions ambition that covers
at least 95% of its Scope 1 and 2 emissions and covers the most material
Scope 3 GHG emissions categories for its sector.

Medium-term (2027–2035)
GHG reduction target(s)

The client has set medium-term targets that are aligned to a well-below 2°C
sectoral pathway.

Decarbonisation strategy

The client’s Transition Plan identifies the set of actions the client intends to take
to achieve its GHG reduction targets over the targeted time frame. If the client
chooses to employ offsetting in relation to its GHG reduction targets, they also
disclose the quantity and type of offset certification.

Retail trade

Capital allocation

The client discloses the stated value of its capital expenditure that it intends
to allocate towards climate solutions in the future. If relevant, the client also
discloses the value of its expected capital allocation they expect to deploy,
to transition away from carbon-intensive assets.

Climate governance

The client discloses evidence of board or board committee oversight
of the management of climate change risks.

2025

91 91
63

Report absolute
emissions
2024

To determine whether a Transition Plan meets the commitments in our E&S Framework, the assessment focuses on a subset
of core criteria, which are our minimum requirements. Our core criteria include:

77

92 94

Dedicated ESG
resourcing

71 80 81
42

Net zero
commitment

40

62 70

79

Undertaking
stress testing

43

61 66 70

TCFD reporting

54 58

66

22
Board endorsed
transition plan 1

2025

1 Transition plan is based on the customer’s definition of what a transition plan is. This is not necessarily consistent with the Transition Plan criteria required for
our E&S Framework.

Recognising that transition plan expectations are evolving, we also assess clients’ Transition Plans in relation to other matters.
These matters can include, just transition, where the client’s Transition Plan recognises the social and economic impacts of its
decarbonisation efforts, particularly the impact on communities with a heavy reliance on the fossil fuel industry; climate policy
engagement; or TCFD disclosures, where the client explicitly signposts TCFD-aligned disclosures in its annual reporting or
publishes them in a TCFD-aligned report. CBA will continue to monitor developments, including guidance being prepared by
the Australian Treasury.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Oversight from
Board and CEO
on climate change

69

Our core criteria

3

Top 100 customer responses
88 95 95 98

See our refreshed 2025 E&S Framework at commbank.com.au/policies

17 18 18

10

Electricity, gas
and water supply

2023

19

From the publication of our 2025 E&S Framework, our Transition Plan expectations will also apply to clients who derive 25%
or more of their revenue from the sale of thermal coal, where we provide corporate or trade finance, or bond facilitation.

FINANCIAL REPORT

2022

28 26 26
24

Unless we had already determined we would cease to offer new corporate or trade finance, or bond facilitation to a client from
1 January 2025, we continued to monitor the Transition Plans of applicable clients in FY25. In some instances, we determined
the client would not have, or would be unlikely to have, a Transition Plan meeting our core criteria by 31 December 2024. After
making this determination, we did not provide new corporate or trade finance, or bond facilitation with a maturity beyond 31
December 2024, except for uncommitted exposures that could be cancelled by 31 December 2024. After 1 January 2025,
we did not provide new corporate or trade finance, or bond facilitation to clients whose Transition Plans did not meet the core
criteria, based on the third-party assessment. We took the same approach for refinancing. Otherwise, existing exposures for
these clients remain on our balance sheet beyond 31 December 2024 until their maturity.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Top 100 customers by industry

This year this expectation applied to existing oil and/or gas producing or metallurgical coal mining clients who derive 15% or
more of their revenue from the sale of oil, gas or metallurgical coal; or power generation clients who generate 25% or more of
their electricity from coal, and to who we offer corporate or trade finance, or bond facilitation. We continued to engage a third
party to independently assess applicable clients’ Transition Plans against the requirements set out in our E&S Framework,
using the core criteria set out below.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Many of our large, high-emitting institutional customers
operate in harder-to-abate industries or their business
activities are required to support Australia’s energy transition.
We have again engaged 100 of our most carbon-intensive
customers across Institutional Banking and Markets (IB&M)
to form a better understanding of the risks and opportunities
they face.

In 2023 we clarified our expectations for certain clients to have a Transition Plan from 2025.

SUSTAINABILITY

We offer a range of financing solutions to support our customers in achieving their climate strategies and goals. We have a full
range of financial markets capabilities, capital raising solutions, transaction banking services, and risk management products and
services. Our sustainable finance team is dedicated to supporting customers in taking actions that drive better E&S outcomes,
for example by linking their sustainability strategy to their financing arrangements. This includes structuring and facilitating use
of proceeds instruments. Our carbon team also provides bespoke solutions to support project developers with managing price
risk in the carbon market and supporting businesses to acquire or provide Australian Carbon Credit Units (ACCUs).

Client Transition Plan assessments and criteria

CREATING VALUE

Banking products, tools and services

See our refreshed 2025 E&S Framework at commbank.com.au/policies
OVERVIEW

We intend to support our large corporate and institutional banking customers in line with our credit policies, E&S Framework
commitments, and sector-level financed emissions goals and targets. Our larger customers are generally more progressed
on transitioning or adapting their businesses to make them more climate resilient. Our approach is focused on working with
our customers to understand their long-term transition plans and funding needs. We provide financing solutions where it may
assist their plans.

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Supporting our large corporate and
institutional customers to transition

116

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

117

As at 30 June 2024

63.9%

Australian housing

In-scope drawn lending as a
proportion of Group TCE

Dependencies and challenges

41.7%

The reference scenario that informs our goal assumes
the decarbonisation of Australia’s electricity grid and a
coordinated transition to replace coal-fired power with
energy sources that produce lower emissions. Meeting our
goal assumes more Australian homeowners will adopt home
energy upgrades such as installing rooftop solar and batteries,
and electrifying gas appliances for hot water, cooking, heating
or cooling. Greater integration of full electrification and
thermal efficiency measures in the construction of new homes
or renovations is also assumed.

Sector overview and outlook
As at 30 June 2024, Australian housing accounted for 63.9% of our in-scope drawn lending. Residential buildings in Australia
use approximately 24% of overall electricity and contribute over 10% of total carbon emissions. 2 Home emissions are mainly
driven by electricity and gas for heating or cooling, cooking and hot water. While many households have made home energy
upgrades, further work by industry and government is required to support homeowners in apartments and townhouses where
energy efficiency measures are more difficult to adopt.

38.8

Despite strong solar uptake, with around one in three Australian
homes having systems installed, battery adoption remains
low due to the upfront costs homeowners incur. Recent state
and federal rebates designed to incentivise battery adoption
could increase installation rates. Should the electricity grid
not decarbonise at the expected rate, or if State or Federal
Government policy settings do not support decarbonisation,
then achieving our goal will be more challenging.
In 2023, we used scenario modelling to explore a pathway
to achieving our 2030 goal. We have drawn on insights from
AEMO and the International Energy Agency (IEA) to chart

1

kgCO2-e/m2

Focus for homeowners

Focus
for power
generation
sector

15.7

Example levers:
• Electrification
of gas water/
space heating
and cooking

2021

• Electrical
and thermal
efficiency
measures

• Rooftop
solar
• Household
batteries

Example
levers:
• Grid decarbonisation
• Further
efficiency
measures

2030

For important detail on the governance and monitoring of our Australian housing financed emissions goal, see page 140.

An example of a fully electrified home

SUSTAINABILITY

As at 30 June 2024, the emissions intensity of our portfolio was 35.0 kgCO2-e/m2, a reduction of 3.8 kgCO2-e/m2 compared
to our 2021 baseline, 0.1 kgCO2-e/m2 compared to June 2023 and is 17% above the reference scenario. The modest
reduction compared to 2023 partly reflects a change in the data provider we use to calculate a home’s floorspace and number
of bedrooms, and limitations in using publicly available data sets. Our financed emissions calculation draws on publicly
available household energy consumption benchmarks meaning, at times, it is unable to account for the impact of increased
solar and battery installations or changing energy usage by our customers.

Emissions intensity

CREATING VALUE

Our goal and portfolio

an indicative scenario, highlighting dependency on grid
decarbonisation, along with actions homeowners can take
to reduce emissions. 1

OVERVIEW

Our sector goals 1

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Proportion of total in-scope
drawn lending

Scope of our sector goal
heat pump hot
water system

Value chain in scope 3
Building materials

Australian
housing

Construction

Included in scope

Not included in scope

Building operations

Customers’ emissions scope

1

2

solar
panels

electric/
induction
cooktop

energyefficient
lighting

reverse cycle
air conditioner
(heating)

energyefficient
appliances

electric
vehicle

home
battery

Recycling

3

For important detail on our Australian housing methodology including the scope of emissions and customer activities included, see pages 400–405.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Australian housing emissions intensity 4 kgCO2-e/m2
45
40

CBA portfolio
FY24 portfolio 17% above
the selected reference scenario

38.8
35.6

35.1

35.0

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Sector

35
30
25

15

15.7
Goal

10
5
0
Jun 21
Actual

Jun 22
Baseline

Jun 23
Goal

Jun 24

Jun 25

Jun 26

Jun 27

Jun 28

Jun 29

SBTi – pathway (Australia) 5

Jun 30

While achieving our 2030 housing goal will be challenging, the Bank has no intention of reducing our lending to Australian
housing customers to achieve it. We remain committed to supporting our customers on their path to home ownership or property
investment, and where practicable, helping them reduce their energy bills and ease cost-of-living pressures. Our Home Energy
Upgrades service aims to help bridge knowledge gaps and simplify decision making for home energy upgrades. Eligible customers
purchasing solar and battery systems can access discounted finance offerings that are supported by the CEFC’s Household
Energy Upgrades Fund.

For more information on how we are supporting our retail customers, see page 113.
1 This goal was previously described as a target, see our description on page 111.
2 Refer to page 429 for source.
3 Diagram is illustrative and informed by various sources.
4 June 2024 Australian housing emissions intensity of 35.0 kgCO2-e/m2 has been included in the scope of PwC’s limited assurance engagement.
5 Refer to page 429 for source.

1 The analysis presented remains as originally released in our 2023 Climate Report, with no subsequent updates. While SBTi and CRREM do not provide an
analytical breakdown of drivers in changes in emissions intensity between 2021 and 2030, in 2023, we modelled an indicative pathway exploring:
– Direct or Scope 1 emissions. We modelled a potential reduction through reduced demand for natural gas, liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) and wood, based
on AEMO and IEA projections.
– Indirect or Scope 2 emissions. We modelled the relative impact of rooftop solar, batteries and behind the meter activities; and decarbonisation of the
electricity grid, and other factors. This split was estimated based on data from AEMO and the Australian Energy Market Commission.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

In line with the introduction of mandatory climate reporting in Australia, we also intend to review our data sources and
methodology to identify opportunities to calculate our portfolio’s emissions intensity more accurately.

FINANCIAL REPORT

Our intention and activities

20

118

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

119
COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

As at 30 June 2024

Proportion of total in-scope
drawn lending

Our sector goals 1

6.9%

Australian
commercial property

Dependencies and challenges

In-scope drawn lending as a
proportion of Group TCE

4.5%

The reference scenarios that inform our goals assume the decarbonisation of Australia’s electricity grid, the uptake of
distributed energy resources, construction of more energy efficient buildings, and building owners making operational
improvements and/or retrofitting their buildings. State or Federal Government policies that support electrification and
improved energy efficiency in new or existing buildings would also support achievement of our goals.

Sector overview and outlook
Retail emissions intensity 1 kgCO2-e/m2
70

CBA portfolio

60

FY24 portfolio 19% below
the selected reference scenario

50

48.6

40

Our goals and portfolio

30
10
0
Jun 21

Jun 22

Baseline and Actual

Jun 23
Goal

Jun 25

Jun 26

Jun 27

Jun 28

Jun 29

70

CBA portfolio

60

FY24 portfolio 17% below
the selected reference scenario

40
30

18.2
Goal

30.8

Scope of our sector goals

20

Sector

0
Jun 21

10

Value chain in scope 4
Building materials

Construction

Not included in scope

Customers’ emissions scope

1

2

Recycling

3

Jun 24

Jun 25

Jun 26

Jun 27

Jun 28

Jun 29

SBTi – pathway (Australia) 2

Our intention and activities
At this time, we have no intention of reducing our lending to the Australian commercial property sector. Instead, we
aim to continue supporting our customers with a suite of products, services and tools to help them transition to lower
emissions operations.

Office emissions intensity 5 kgCO2-e/m2

For more information on how we are supporting our small business and large corporate customers, see pages 113–115.
CBA portfolio

60

FY24 portfolio 7% below
the selected reference scenario

58.1

40
30

31.8
Goal

20
10
Jun 22
Goal

Jun 24

SBTi – pathway (Australia)

Jun 25

Jun 26

Jun 27

Jun 28

Jun 29

Jun 30

6

1 These goals were previously described as targets, see our description on page 111.
2 Refer to page 429 for source.
3 Proportion of drawn lending exposures as at 30 June 2024. Coverage of goals has been estimated based on available data. Due to data limitations, where granular
building type data is unavailable, we have applied assumptions to apportion drawn lending exposure into sub-sectors based on the distribution of the portfolio with
building data. 60% of our goal coverage reflects lending with granular building data and 17% is based on apportionment.
4 Diagram is illustrative and informed by various sources.
5 June 2024 Australian commercial property (office) baseline emissions intensity of 58.1 kgCO2-e/m2 has been included in the scope of PwC’s limited
assurance engagement.
6 Refer to page 429 for source.

1 June 2024 Australian commercial property (retail) baseline emissions intensity of 48.6 kgCO2-e/m2 has been included in the scope of PwC’s limited
assurance engagement.
2 Refer to page 429 for source.
3 June 2024 Australian commercial property (industrial) baseline emissions intensity of 30.8 kgCO2-e/m2 has been included in the scope of PwC’s limited
assurance engagement.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Baseline and Actual

Jun 23

Jun 30

FINANCIAL REPORT

70
50

Jun 23
Goal

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Included in scope

Building operations

Jun 22

Baseline and Actual

For important detail on our Australian commercial property methodology including the scope of emissions and customer activities included,
see pages 400–405.

0
Jun 21

Jun 30

Industrial emissions intensity 3 kgCO2-e/m2

50

For important detail on the governance and monitoring of our Australian commercial property goals, see page 140.

Australian
commercial
property

Jun 24

SBTi – pathway (Australia) 2

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

As at 30 June 2024, the emissions intensities of our office, retail and industrial portfolios were 58.1 kgCO2-e/m2,
48.6 kgCO2-e/m2 and 30.8 kgCO2-e/m2, respectively. This is below the reference scenario for all portfolios, reflecting
differences in our portfolio’s composition compared to the national average.

30.6
Goal

20

SUSTAINABILITY

As at 30 June 2024, our 2030 goals cover 77% 3 of our in-scope drawn lending to the Australian commercial property sector
and include the office, retail and industrial sub-sectors. We have set separate goals for these sub-sectors to recognise the
different baseline emissions intensities for different types of buildings. This year we have changed our goals to reflect a
material refresh of the Government’s Commercial Building Baseline Study (CBBS). Key changes in our goals for the retail
and industrial sub-sectors are largely driven by reallocation of energy demand across building types in the 2024 CBBS as
compared to the 2022 CBBS. Therefore our industrial sub-sector progress, which was above the reference scenario last year,
is now below the reference scenario. It also means, we are unable to report year-on-year progress for these sub-sectors as the
CBBS update does not provide comparative information.

CREATING VALUE

As at 30 June 2024, lending to the Australian commercial property sector accounted for 6.9% of our in-scope drawn lending and
3.3% of our financed emissions. In Australia, commercial buildings use approximately 25% of overall electricity and contribute 10%
of total carbon emissions. 2 Newer commercial properties tend to be more energy efficient and are expected to be better positioned
for the transition, while older buildings need significant capital expenditure and upgrades to improve their energy efficiency.

OVERVIEW

In addition to the pace of grid decarbonisation, sector disruption in the form of rising construction costs and low construction
labour availability may slow the transition and impact our ability to achieve our goals.

120

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

121

As at 30 June 2024

Proportion of total in-scope
drawn lending

Proportion of total in-scope
drawn lending

Our sector goals 1

0.9%

Our sector goals 1

0.4%

Australian road

In-scope drawn lending as a
proportion of Group TCE

Aviation

In-scope drawn lending as a
proportion of Group TCE

0.6%

passenger and light commercial vehicle finance

0.3%

As at 30 June 2024, our Australian road goal covers 23% of our in-scope drawn lending to the transport sector and 67% of
our in-scope drawn lending to the Australian motor vehicle finance sector. In 2023, Scope 1 emissions from the Australian
transport sector accounted for approximately 21% of Australia’s total emissions, 2 with passenger and light commercial
vehicles making up 60% of those emissions. Accelerating EV adoption and charging infrastructure investment is critical for
reducing emissions. Policies like the New Vehicle Efficiency Standard aim to help consumers save money on fuel costs and
provide more choice of new cars that are fuel-efficient, low or zero emissions, alongside environmental benefits.

As at 30 June 2024, the aviation goal covers 16% of our in-scope drawn lending to the transport sector and largely includes
lending to international customers. In 2023, aviation accounted for over 2% of global energy-related emissions.2 Australia is highly
dependent on the aviation sector to connect Australia to the world. Decarbonising this sector is challenging, given the reliance on
hydrocarbons and the lack of available low-carbon fuel alternatives.

Our goal and portfolio

Our 2030 aviation goal includes lending to operators of aircraft as well as lending to customers that own and lease these
assets to operators. As at 30 June 2024, aviation emissions intensity was 93 gCO2 /revenue passenger km, a reduction of
10 gCO2 /revenue passenger km compared to our 2023 baseline, and 6% below the reference scenario, reflecting new lending
to airlines who operate newer aircraft with higher passenger load factors.

As at 30 June 2024, Australian road emissions intensity was 234 gCO2 /vehicle km, a reduction of 11 gCO2 /vehicle km
compared to our 2023 baseline, and 15% below the reference scenario, reflecting increased lending to customers to purchase
low-emissions vehicles.

Sector

Scope of our sector goal

Value chain in scope

Australian road

3

Sector
Vehicle
manufacturers

Inputs

(passenger and
light commercial
vehicle finance)

For important detail on the governance and monitoring of our aviation financed emissions goal, see page 140.

Not included in scope

Included in scope

Dealers

Vehicle operations

Customers’ emissions scope

1

2

3

180

0
Jun 21

60

Baseline

Goal

Jun 26

Jun 27

Jun 28

Jun 29

Jun 30

IPR RPS 5

For important detail on the governance and monitoring of our Australian road financed emissions goal, see page 140.

Dependencies and challenges

FY24 portfolio 6% below
the selected reference scenario

153

100
80

Actual

CBA portfolio

120

50
Jun 25

3

103

93
76
Goal

40
20
0
Jun 21
Actual

Jun 22
Baseline

Jun 23
Goal

Jun 24

Jun 25

Jun 26

Jun 27

Jun 28

Jun 29

Jun 30

IEA NZE 2021 – Global pathway 5

Dependencies and challenges

While availability of EVs in Australia is growing, there continues to be barriers to retail and business customers switching to EVs,
such as the comparative price of EVs, availability of charging infrastructure and limitations on range. Should the uptake of EVs
not continue to increase as currently forecast by organisations such as the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research
Organisation (CSIRO),6 or if State or Federal Government policy settings are not supportive, then achieving our goal may be unlikely.

The reference scenario that informs our goal assumes, amongst other things, that SAF begins to account for a larger
proportion of energy consumed by aviation by 2030. The reference scenario also assumes improvements in efficiency of
aircraft, including a mixture of those already available in addition to new technologies being developed.
Currently there are no zero emissions alternatives to aviation fuels that can be deployed at scale. Should the scaling of lowcarbon fuels not happen at the rate anticipated, or if policy settings are not supportive, then achieving our goal may be unlikely.

Our focus is to support our retail and business customers in their transition to EVs. We seek to encourage EV uptake with
specific discounts for EVs. We also support our business customers to purchase EVs, hybrid cars or charging infrastructure
through our Green Vehicle and Equipment Finance product.
For more information on how we are supporting our retail and business customers, see page 113.

Our intention and activities
We provide structured asset finance solutions which can be used by aviation customers to support the financing of newer
aircraft and more fuel-efficient planes.
For more information on how we are supporting our institutional and large corporate customers to transition, see pages 114–115.

1 This goal was previously described as a target, see our description on page 111.
2 Refer to page 429 for source.
3 Diagram is illustrative and informed by various sources.

1 This goal was previously described as a target, see our description on page 111.

4 June 2024 Australian road (passenger and light commercial vehicle finance) emissions intensity of 234 gCO2/vehicle km has been included
in the scope of PwC’s limited assurance engagement.

2 Refer to page 429 for source.

5 Refer to page 429 for source.

4 June 2024 aviation emissions intensity of 93 gCO2/revenue passenger km has been included in the scope of PwC’s limited assurance engagement.

6 Refer to page 429 for source.

5 Refer to page 429 for source.

3 Diagram is illustrative and informed by various sources. Includes lessor customers’ Scope 3 Category 13 (Downstream Leased Assets) emissions.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Our intention and activities

FINANCIAL REPORT

The reference scenario that informs our goal assumes an increasing rate of adoption of EVs and the replacement of older, less
efficient internal combustion engine vehicles with newer vehicles.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

174
Goal

Jun 24

2

160
140

100

1

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

234

150

Customers’ emissions scope

Recycling

Aviation emissions intensity 4 gCO2/revenue passenger km

FY24 portfolio 15% below
the selected reference scenario

250

Jun 23

Not included in scope

Aircraft operations

For important detail on our aviation methodology including the scope of emissions and customer activities included, see pages 400–405.

CBA portfolio

Jun 22

Aircraft manufacturers

Included in scope

300

245

Parts suppliers

Aviation

Australian road (passenger and light commercial vehicle finance) 4 gCO2/vehicle km

200

Value chain in scope 3

Recycling

For important detail on our Australian road methodology including the scope of emissions and customer activities included, see pages 400–405.

251

SUSTAINABILITY

Scope of our sector goal

Our goal and portfolio

CREATING VALUE

Sector overview and outlook
OVERVIEW

Sector overview and outlook

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

As at 30 June 2024

122

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

123

As at 30 June 2024

Our sector goals 1

<0.1%

Heavy industry

In-scope drawn lending as a
proportion of Group TCE

<0.1%

Portfolio is lower than the reference scenario.

Portfolio is between ≥0% and ≤10% above the reference scenario.

Portfolio is >10% above the reference scenario.

No drawn lending in the reporting period.

Cement

1.0

Aluminium

0.6

As at 30 June 2024, our financed emissions intensity was
more than 10% above the selected reference scenario. It
may remain at this level for a number of years due to higher
electricity-related emissions than those modelled in our
reference scenario.

0.2

Reference scenario assumptions: by 2030, smelters
will switch to using renewable electricity for most of their
energy needs. This switch is highly dependent on the
availability of reliable electricity from firmed renewable
sources or large-scale carbon capture.

0.63
Goal

0.4

0.0
Jun 21 Jun 22 Jun 23 Jun 24 Jun 25 Jun 26 Jun 27 Jun 28 Jun 29 Jun 30
Goal

MPP 2

Aluminium emissions intensity 1 tCO2-e/t-aluminium

Aluminium emissions intensity (Heavy industries tab)

CBA portfolio

10

FY21, FY22, FY23 and FY24
portfolio more than 10% above
the selected reference scenario

9
7

Cement

6

As at 30 June 2024, our financed emissions intensity was
below the selected reference scenario.

4

5

2
1
0
Jun 21 Jun 22 Jun 23 Jun 24 Jun 25 Jun 26 Jun 27 Jun 28 Jun 29 Jun 30
Goal

For important detail on the governance and monitoring of our
heavy industry financed emissions goals, see page 140.

3

Primary steel production

Not included in scope

Steel product manufacturing

Customers’ emissions scope

Inputs

Primary alumina
refining

Primary aluminium
smelting

Included in scope

Not included in scope

Customers’ emissions scope

Inputs

Cement production
(on-site)

Concrete production

Included in scope

Not included in scope

Customers’ emissions scope

1

2

1

2

1

2

Dependencies and challenges
Our goals and decarbonisation of the heavy industry sector
are reliant on: Australia’s grid decarbonising; availability
of inputs, such as scrap metal for secondary steel making
or supplementary cementitious materials for cement
manufacturing; the development and distribution of new
technologies; and supportive public policy.

Recycling

3

End use

Recycling

3

Steel

Steel emissions intensity 4 tCO2-e/t-steel

As at 30 June 2024, there were no customers with drawn
lending in this sector.

3.0

CBA portfolio

2.5

n/a no drawn lending in
FY21, FY22, FY23 and FY24

1.35
Goal

0.5

CBA portfolio

0.8

FY22, FY23 and FY24
portfolio below the selected
reference scenario

0.6

0.55
Goal

0.4
0.2

0.0
Jun 21 Jun 22 Jun 23 Jun 24 Jun 25 Jun 26 Jun 27 Jun 28 Jun 29 Jun 30
Goal

We continue to focus on engaging with our customers to understand their approach to achieving their climate strategies
and decarbonisation goals, providing financing where it may assist them and trading support for ACCUs and Large-Scale
Generation Certificates (LGCs).
For more information on how we are supporting our large corporate customers, see pages 114–115.

0.0
Jun 21 Jun 22 Jun 23 Jun 24 Jun 25 Jun 26 Jun 27 Jun 28 Jun 29 Jun 30

Goal

SBTi – pathway (Australia) 3

Our intentions and activities

1.5
1.0

1.0

SBTi – pathway (Australia) 5

1 These goals were previously described as targets, see our description on page 111.
2 Refer to page 429 for source.
3 Diagram is illustrative and informed by various sources. Sector goals exclude customer Scope 3 emissions. However, in line with the PCAF Standard, we include
customer Scope 3 emissions in our financed emissions calculations.

1 Refer to page 437 for the assertions included in the scope of PwC’s limited assurance engagement.

4 Refer to page 437 for the assertions included in the scope of PwC’s limited assurance engagement.

2 Refer to page 429 for source.

5 Refer to page 429 for source.

3 Refer to page 429 for source.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Reference scenario assumptions: increased material and
energy efficiency measures, an increase in scrap-based
production and adoption of new technologies from the
mid-2020s.

We are unlikely to achieve our goals if the electricity
grid does not decarbonise at the anticipated rate, new
technology is not developed in line with the reference
scenario, or if State and Federal Government policy settings
do not support decarbonisation.

Cement emissions intensity (Heavy industries tab)

FINANCIAL REPORT

For important detail on our heavy industry methodology including the scope of emissions and customer activities included, see pages 400–405.

2.0

MPP 2

Cement emissions intensity 1 tCO2-e/t-cement

Recycling

3

Aluminium product
manufacturing

5.26
Goal

3

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Alumina and
aluminium

1.2

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Included in scope

1.4

0.8

Reference scenario assumptions: increased substitution
of clinker, the most carbon intensive input into cement, with
lower-carbon materials, efficiency measures, in addition to
kilns adopting bio energy or hydrogen, and carbon capture.

Scope of our sector goals

Steel

1.6

8

Our heavy industry portfolio is concentrated to a small number of companies. To protect our customers’ confidentiality, we
have adopted a ‘traffic light’ disclosure of our portfolio against goals. This is to support cases where, for example, only one
customer has drawn lending in the reporting period.

Inputs

FY21, FY22, FY23 and FY24
portfolio below the selected
reference scenario

1.8

SUSTAINABILITY

Our goals and portfolio

CBA portfolio

2.0

CREATING VALUE

Steel is essential for many other sectors, such as construction and machinery, and is expected to continue playing an important
role in Australia’s energy transition, including the construction of wind turbines and solar farms. Cement is required for housing,
buildings and infrastructure. Alumina is an intermediate product in the production of aluminium, which is used in technologies that
are also critical for reducing emissions. Heavy industry is considered harder-to-abate due to its reliance on grid decarbonisation,
process efficiencies and low-emissions technologies that, in many instances, are not yet commercially viable at scale in Australia.

Alumina emissions intensity 1 tCO2-e/t-aluminium

Alumina emissions intensity (Heavy industries tab)

OVERVIEW

We define the heavy industry sector as the production of steel, alumina, aluminium and cement. As at 30 June 2024, lending to the
heavy industry sector represented <0.1% of our in-scope drawn lending and 13.3% of our financed emissions. In 2023, Scope 1
emissions from the production of alumina, aluminium, iron, steel, lime, cement and other metals accounted for approximately
7% of Australia’s total emissions.2 Greenhouse gas emissions from heavy industry production generally occur from the high heat
and chemical reactions required in manufacturing processes. These industries are also significant electricity consumers.

Value chain in scope

As at 30 June 2024, our financed emissions intensity was
below the selected reference scenario.
Reference scenario assumptions: refiners switch to using
renewable electricity and the adoption of new technologies,
such as electric boilers.

Sector overview and outlook

Sector

Alumina

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Proportion of total in-scope
drawn lending

124

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

125

As at 30 June 2024

Our sector targets

0.5%

Power generation

In-scope drawn lending as a
proportion of Group TCE

0.3%

Drawn and undrawn lending exposure
$bn

0.6
2.2

Sector overview and outlook

Domestic drawn
Domestic undrawn
Overseas drawn
Overseas undrawn

2.7

0.9

0.9

1.8

2.0

124

(28)

Jun 23

Jun 24

Jun 23

Portfolio
change 1

(8)
Enterprise Customers’
value
climate
and other 2 performance 3

IEA NZE
Jun 24

2030
target

65%

28%

17%

73%

Aus
powergrid

CBA

7%
Solar/wind generation
Other generation

Hydro/geothermal/
biogas/bagasse generation

$4.6bn
of Group TCE to wind and solar
power generation customers 5
as at 30 June 2024

Assumptions and risks in achieving our target
The reference scenario that informs our target assumes a significant increase in renewable power generation from solar and
wind, and a significant decrease in unabated fossil fuel generation by 2030.

For important detail on the governance and monitoring of our power generation financed emissions target, see page 140.

Value chain in scope 3
Generation

Included in scope

Transmission and distribution

Not included in scope

Customers’ emissions scope

End users

1

2

Actions we are taking

3

For important detail on our power generation methodology including the scope of emissions and customer activities included, see pages 400–405.

For more information on the actions we are taking and how we are supporting these customers to transition, see pages 114–115.

600

CBA portfolio

500

FY24 portfolio 73% below
the selected reference scenario

See our refreshed 2025 E&S Framework at commbank.com.au/policies

400
300
200

222

187

0
Jun 20

Jun 21

Actual

Baseline

170
Jun 22
Target

124
Jun 23

105 Target

91
Jun 24

IEA NZE 2021 – Global pathway

Jun 25

Jun 26

Jun 27

Jun 28

Jun 29

Jun 30

5

1 Movements in drawn lending exposure can affect the factor used to attribute a proportion of the customers’ emissions and generation to CBA.
1 Refer to page 429 for source.
2 Refer to page 429 for source.
3 Diagram is illustrative and informed by various sources.
4 June 2024 power generation emissions intensity of 91 kgCO2/MWh has been included in the scope of PwC’s limited assurance engagement.
5 Refer to page 429 for source.

2 Impact of foreign exchange movements and changes in customers’ enterprise value.
3 Includes the attribution of changes in individual companies’ emissions and generation to CBA.
4 Refer to page 429 for source. CBA pie chart calculated as CBA’s attributed generation from solar, wind, hydro, geothermal, biogas, bagasse and non-renewable
customers as a percentage of total CBA attributed generation for FY24.
5 Power generation customers where 90% or more of generation is from wind/solar assets and wind/solar assets under construction. We assess changes to
customer classification using a rolling three-year generation average.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

100

FINANCIAL REPORT

Power generation emissions intensity 4 kgCO2/MWh

Our power generation portfolio includes customers ranging from lower emissions renewable energy generators to more
emissions-intensive customers, such as electricity gentailers. In Australia and New Zealand, we are supporting our gentailer
customers with financing as they transition to lower emissions technologies. We continue to focus on growing our lending
to renewable energy and electricity storage customers to support the firming of renewables.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

To maintain grid reliability and stability, and to reduce the sector’s emissions, investment in firming in the form of batteries,
pumped hydro and some gas-fired electricity generation is crucial. We see a role for government policy and public funding
to de-risk renewable energy and transmission projects. Should government policy settings change or not be implemented as
currently stated, it may impact our ability to achieve our target.

Scope of our sector target

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Our power generation portfolio is diversified by technology and geography with over 50% of our lending exposures outside
Australia. Our power generation portfolio is also 72% weighted to lending to solar and wind generation assets, 13% to
other renewable generation assets, along with smaller drawn exposures to electricity generators and gentailers that are
more emissions-intensive.

Jun 24

SUSTAINABILITY

Our interim 2030 target is 105 kgCO2 /MWh which is a 53% reduction compared to a 2020 baseline. As at 30 June 2024,
the emissions intensity of our portfolio was 91 kgCO2 /MWh, a reduction of 131 kgCO2 /MWh compared to our 2020 baseline
and 33 kgCO2 /MWh compared to 30 June 2023. Our portfolio was also 73% below the reference scenario. The reduction in
our portfolio emissions intensity was primarily driven by lower exposures to non-renewable power generation customers, new
drawn lending to the renewables sector and changes in customer emissions. While the emissions intensity of our portfolio has
continued to decrease since June 2020, drawdowns of unused lending limits could change our share of customers’ emissions
and generation resulting in potential fluctuations in emissions intensity.

105

91

Electricity generation split by type 4 MWh by type (%)

10%

Our target, portfolio and progress

343

+3

CREATING VALUE

In the 2024 Integrated System Plan (ISP), AEMO’s step change scenario projects that up to 90% of the National Energy
Market’s coal-fired power stations will retire by 2035 with the remaining 10% retiring by 2040. Renewable energy connected
with transmission and distribution, firmed with storage and backed up by gas-powered generation, is the lowest-cost way to
supply electricity to homes and businesses as Australia transitions to a net zero economy.2

0.8

OVERVIEW

As at 30 June 2024, lending to the power generation sector represented only 0.5% of our in-scope drawn lending and 1.9%
of our financed emissions. In 2023, Scope 1 emissions from the power generation sector accounted for approximately 34% of
Australia’s total emissions.1 Retiring coal-fired power stations and shifting to renewable sources of energy is critical to reducing
the emissions intensity of Australia’s electricity grid. Renewable electricity can provide a cost-effective way of reducing
emissions for consumers and is not only essential for the nation to meet its decarbonisation ambitions, but also to support
Australian households and other sectors in reducing their emissions.

Power
generation

Power Gen 25

6.4
5.5

Sector

Power generation emissions intensity portfolio movements
kgCO2/MWh

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Proportion of total in-scope
drawn lending

126

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

127
Proportion of total in-scope
drawn lending

Our sector targets

<0.1%

Upstream oil
and gas extraction

Upstream oil extraction absolute emissions 1 MtCO2 per annum

In-scope drawn lending as a
proportion of Group TCE

<0.1%

CBA portfolio

3.0 2.6

FY24 portfolio 96% below
the selected reference scenario

2.5

1.7

2.0
1.5
1.0

1.9
Target

0.5

0.5

0.1

Jun 23

Jun 24

For important detail on the governance and monitoring of our upstream oil and gas extraction financed emissions
targets, see page 140.

0.5

0.8
0.1

Jun 28

Jun 29

Jun 30

IEA NZE 2021 – Global pathway 2

<0.1

4.0
3.3
3.5
3.0
2.5
2.0
1.5
1.0
0.5
0.0

CBA portfolio
FY24 portfolio 90% below
the selected reference scenario

2.3
2.8
Target

0.8

Jun 20

Jun 21

Actual

Baseline

Jun 22
Target

0.4

0.3

Jun 23

Jun 24

Jun 25

Jun 26

Jun 27

Jun 28

Jun 29

Jun 30

IEA NZE 2021 – Global pathway 2

Assumptions and risks in achieving our targets
The reference scenarios that inform our targets assume a gradual decline in demand for oil and gas, noting the need for
dispatchable capacity, which could include gas-powered firming generation, in the future. This decline is complemented by
a small share of emissions being captured through carbon capture, use and storage. 4 In Australia, reductions in emissions in
the oil and gas sector are assumed to be supported by the Federal Government’s Safeguard Mechanism, which incentivises
solutions to minimise Scope 1 emissions, including through carbon capture, use and storage.

0.4

0.1

0.2

Jun 23

Jun 24

Domestic drawn
Domestic undrawn
Overseas drawn
Overseas undrawn

Actions we are taking
We support customers in these sectors by providing lending in line with our E&S Framework. The Framework outlines the
minimum requirements we have set for financing activities for certain customers in these sectors. We also monitor the impact
of any proposed new transactions in these sectors on our 2030 upstream oil and gas extraction targets. Certain customers in
these sectors are also expected to have published a Transition Plan.
For important information on our actions and the commitments we have made to customers operating in these sectors, see pages 114–115.
See our refreshed 2025 E&S Framework for more information at commbank.com.au/policies

Scope of our sector targets
Sector

Jun 27

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

While our financed emissions for upstream oil and gas extraction are currently 0.1 MtCO2 and
0.3 MtCO2 respectively, we continue to provide committed lending facilities to these sectors
which were undrawn or not fully drawn at 30 June 2024. Customers drawing down on or repaying
their lending facilities may lead to volatility in these sectors’ financed emissions.

1.1

0.3

Target

Jun 26

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

• Our upstream gas extraction target is 2.8 MtCO2, a 17% reduction compared to our 2020
baseline. As at 30 June 2024, the absolute emissions from the upstream gas extraction sector
were 0.3 MtCO2, 90% below the selected reference scenario. Since 2020, we have reduced our
financed emissions in this sector by 91% and by 25% since 2023.

Drawn and undrawn
lending exposure $bn

0.2

Baseline

Jun 25

SUSTAINABILITY

Our targets, portfolio and progress
• Our upstream oil extraction target is 1.9 MtCO2, a 27% reduction compared to our 2020
baseline. As at 30 June 2024, the absolute emissions from the upstream oil extraction sector
were 0.1 MtCO2, 96% below the selected reference scenario. Since 2020, we have reduced our
financed emissions in this sector by 96% and by 50% since 2023.

Actual

Jun 22

Upstream gas extraction absolute emissions 3 MtCO2 per annum

In AEMO’s 2024 ISP, as coal-fired power stations retire, gas-powered generation is expected to continue playing a role in
supporting Australia’s economic activity through the transition. Gas-powered electricity generation can be used to provide
firming support to variable renewable energy when other dispatchable sources are unavailable. Gas is also used in a range of
industrial applications where lower carbon alternatives are not yet commercially available, particularly those requiring heat over
500°C. AEMO’s 2025 Gas Statement of Opportunities forecasts shortfall risks under peak conditions from 2028, three years
later than forecast in 2024. AEMO’s update reinforces the need to complete committed and anticipated production, storage
and infrastructure developments, amongst other measures.

Since 2023, our in-scope drawn lending exposures to customers in these sectors have decreased
by 25%, or $0.1 billion.

Jun 21

CREATING VALUE

As at 30 June 2024, lending to the upstream oil and gas extraction sectors represented <0.1% of our in-scope drawn
lending and 1.9% of our financed emissions. In 2023, Scope 1 emissions from upstream oil and gas extraction accounted
for approximately 10% of Australia’s total emissions.1 These industries also have significant downstream emissions due to
the combustion of the products they produce.

Jun 20

OVERVIEW

0.2

0.0

Sector overview and outlook

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

As at 30 June 2024

Value chain in scope 2
Upstream

Included in scope

Midstream

Not included in scope

Downstream

Customers’ emissions scope

1

2

FINANCIAL REPORT

Upstream
oil and gas
extraction

End use

3

For important detail on our upstream oil and gas extraction methodology including the scope of emissions and customer activities included,
see pages 400–405.

2 Refer to page 429 for source.
1 Refer to page 429 for source.
2 Diagram is illustrative and informed by various sources.

3 June 2024 upstream gas extraction absolute emissions of 0.3 MtCO2 have been included in the scope of PwC’s limited assurance engagement.
4 The IEA NZE (2021) assumes by 2030 approximately 10% of energy supplied by ‘natural gas’ is attributed to ‘natural gas with carbon capture use and storage’
with the remainder attributed to ‘unabated natural gas’.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

1 June 2024 upstream oil extraction absolute emissions of 0.1 MtCO2 have been included in the scope of PwC’s limited assurance engagement.

128

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

129

As at 30 June 2024

Proportion of total in-scope
drawn lending

Proportion of total in-scope
drawn lending

Our sector targets

<0.1%

Our sector targets

0.1%

Thermal coal mining

In-scope drawn lending as a
proportion of Group TCE

Shipping

In-scope drawn lending as a
proportion of Group TCE

<0.1%

<0.1%

Sector overview and outlook

In 2023, Scope 1 emissions from coal mining, including both thermal and metallurgical coal, accounted for approximately
8% of Australia’s total emissions. 1 Some mining companies that we may lend to retain thermal coal interests as part of their
diversified operations.

As at 30 June 2024, our shipping target covers 2% of our in-scope drawn lending to the transport
sector and largely includes lending to international customers. In 2023, shipping accounted for over
2% of global energy-related emissions.1 Australia is expected to continue relying on international
shipping given we have no significant domestic shipping network. Decarbonising this sector is
challenging, due to the reliance on fossil fuels and the lack of available low-carbon fuel alternatives.

Drawn and undrawn
lending exposure $bn
0.66

As at 30 June 2024, our thermal coal mining in-scope drawn lending exposure was $1 million, a
decrease of 93% or $13 million since 30 June 2023. Undrawn committed lending exposure was
$647 million for June 2023 and $659 million for June 2024.

0.65

0.66

Our 2030 shipping target includes operators of ocean-going vessels, as well as lending to
customers that own and lease these assets to operators. As at 30 June 2024, shipping absolute
emissions were 0.20 MtCO2 a reduction of 0.19 MtCO2 compared to our 2023 baseline and 49%
below the reference scenario, reflecting a reduction in drawn lending.

0.66

0.01
Jun 23

0.00
Jun 24

Drawn

For important detail on the governance and monitoring our thermal coal mining financed emissions target,
see page 140.

Sector

Undrawn

Jun 23

Jun 24

Drawn
Undrawn

Value chain in scope 2
Parts suppliers

Vessel manufacturers

Not included in scope

Included in scope

Vessel operations

Customers’ emissions scope

1

2

Recycling

3

2

For important detail on our sector-level target methodology including the scope of emissions and customer activities included, see pages 400–405.
Mining

Thermal coal
mining

Included in scope

Transport

Not included in scope

End users

Customers’ emissions scope

1

2

Shipping absolute emissions 3 MtCO2 per annum

3

CBA portfolio

1.0
0.9
0.7

Thermal coal mining absolute emissions 3 MtCO2 per annum

0.6
0.5

1.2

Jun 21

Actual

Baseline

0.9

CBA portfolio

0.4

FY24 portfolio 99% below
the selected reference scenario

0.2

0.39

0.3
0.1

0.3

Jun 22
Target

<0.1

<0.1

Jun 23

Jun 24

0.0
Target
Jun 25

Jun 26

Jun 27

Jun 28

Jun 29

Jun 30

IEA NZE 2021 – Global pathway 4

Actions we are taking

While our financed emissions are currently <0.1 MtCO2 for the sector, we
continue to have in place committed lending facilities to this sector which
were undrawn or not fully drawn at 30 June 2024. Customers drawing
down on or repaying their lending facilities may lead to volatility in the
sector’s financed emissions.

We plan to reduce our lending to zero by 2030.
However until this time, we will continue to
provide lending to support existing mining
customers in line with our E&S Framework
and thermal coal mining target.
See our refreshed 2025 E&S Framework at
commbank.com.au/policies

0.0
Jun 21

Jun 22

Actual

Baseline

Jun 23
Target

Jun 24

Jun 25

Jun 26

Jun 27

Jun 28

Jun 29

Jun 30

IEA NZE 2021 – Global pathway 4

Assumptions and risks in achieving our target

Actions we are taking

The reference scenario that informs our target assumes low-carbon fuels,
such as bioenergy and ammonia, begin to account for at least 15% of energy
consumed by shipping by 2030.

We expect to achieve our 2030 target
through a managed exit of our international
institutional banking exposures. Any new
origination in the shipping sector is intended
to be focused on Australian transport, trade
and infrastructure.

Decarbonising the shipping sector is largely dependent on efficiency
improvements including a mixture of those already available, in addition to new
technologies being developed and switching to low-carbon fuels. Should the
scaling of low-carbon fuels not happen or not happen at the rate anticipated, or
if policy settings are not supportive, then achieving our target may be unlikely.

For more information on how we are supporting
our institutional and large corporate customers
to transition, see pages 114–115.

1 Refer to page 429 for source.

1 Refer to page 429 for source.

2 Diagram is illustrative and informed by various sources.

2 Diagram is illustrative and informed by various sources. Includes lessor customers’ Scope 3 Category 13 (Downstream Leased Assets) emissions.

3 June 2024 thermal coal mining absolute emissions of <0.1 MtCO2 have been included in the scope of PwC’s limited assurance engagement.

3 June 2024 shipping absolute emissions of 0.20 MtCO2 has been included in the scope of PwC’s limited assurance engagement.

4 Refer to page 429 for source.

4 Refer to page 429 for source.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Assumptions and risks in achieving our target

0.36
Target

0.20

FINANCIAL REPORT

1.2
1.0
0.8
0.6
0.4
0.2
0.0
Jun 20

FY24 portfolio 49% below the
selected reference scenario

0.91

0.8

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

For important detail on our sector-level target methodology including the scope of emissions and customer activities included, see pages 400–405.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Scope of our sector target

0.55

Scope of our sector target

Shipping

Value chain in scope

0.57 0.02
0.97

For important detail on the governance and monitoring of our shipping financed emissions target, see page 140.

As at 30 June 2024, our absolute emissions were lower by >99% compared to our 2020 baseline,
in line with 30 June 2023 and 99% below the selected reference scenario. This decrease was
driven by lower use of limits within the portfolio during the year.

Sector

Our target, portfolio and progress

0.26

SUSTAINABILITY

Our 2030 target for thermal coal mining is to reduce our financed emissions to zero. We include
all thermal coal mining customers with more than 5% of their revenue coming directly from the
sale of thermal coal in our target.

1.23

CREATING VALUE

Our target, portfolio and progress

Drawn and undrawn
lending exposure $bn

OVERVIEW

Sector overview and outlook

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

As at 30 June 2024

130

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

131

67

59

210
52

197

182

186

46

61

47

174
152
56

FY16

CO2-e

CO2-e

Scope of
operations

Scope 1 emissions across Australian and
New Zealand operations and Scope 2 emissions
across New Zealand and other overseas
(with Australia calculated as zero due to
100% renewable electricity).

A subset of our selected Scope 3 emissions
across Australian, New Zealand and other
overseas operations as outlined on page 419.

Informed by

Based on a 1.5°C trajectory, requiring a
4.2% annual linear reduction.

Based on a 1.5°C trajectory, excluding flight
emissions which are based on a well-below 2°C
trajectory. The 1.5°C trajectory requires a 4.2%
annual linear reduction, whereas the well-below 2°C
trajectory requires a 2.5% annual linear contraction.

Our
performance

Since 2020, we have reduced our Scope 1 and
2 emissions by 72% from our 2020 baseline,
exceeding our 2025 target of a 21% reduction.
This has been driven by the purchase of
renewable electricity for our New Zealand and
other overseas Scope 2 emissions.

Since 2020, we have reduced our Scope 3 emissions
within the target by 36% from our 2020 baseline,
meeting our 2025 target of a 16.3% reduction. This
has been driven by freight-related emissions reducing
a further 29% this year. We continue to see benefits
from optimising our freight demand and partnering
with a supplier with a growing EV delivery fleet.

150

136

125

118

105

FY17

FY18

Scope 1 and 2 (including Australian data centres)

FY19

FY20

Selected Scope 3

FY21

Flight emissions conversion factors updated by
the UK Government 3 in 2025 provided a more
accurate representation of the emissions intensity
of our travel. Air travel now represents 70% of the
current target boundary and we will continue to
monitor air travel demand through the use of our
internal tracking dashboard.

For definitions of our targets, and a reconciliation of our total operational emissions and those reported in our targets, see pages 419
and 428, respectively.

48

84

48
90

FY22

FY22
(market
-based)

76

69

40

9

FY23
(market
-based)

68
61
8

FY24
(market
-based)

Scope 1 & 2 operational emissions
Performance against target (tCO2-e)

Scope 3 operational emissions 3
Performance against target (tCO2-e)

7

FY25
(market
-based)

2025 target
(29,244 tCO2-e)

34,939
19,282

29,806

2025 target
(15,233 tCO2-e)

23,397

22,390

10,071
6,082

1 From FY14 to FY19, CBA data centres were deemed as non-operational control (Scope 3) and reclassified as operational control (Scope 1 and 2) from FY20.
Comparison of FY14 location-based reporting to FY25 market-based reporting reflects the benefit of the equivalent of using 100% renewable electricity for
our operations. Includes emissions from Australian data centres but excludes emissions from cloud service providers. For definitions and methodology, see
pages 419 –428 of the Climate disclosures appendix.

FY21

FY22

6,742

FY23

FY24

12,709

12,386

FY21

FY22

5,428

FY25

FY20

FY23

FY24

FY25

1 Business travel emissions baseline adjusted to FY19 values to normalise for the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic.
2 Update to Scope 3 baseline for 2025 reporting due to error in ASB air travel emissions baseline used for 2024 reporting.
3 CBA uses the UK Government Department of Energy Security and Net Zero 2025 GHG conversion factors for flight emissions, updated in 2025 reflecting
post-COVID air travel demand normalising. See page 419 for further detail.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

FY20

6,972

FINANCIAL REPORT

FY15

GHG

In addition, our Australian and New Zealand
businesses have reduced fleet emissions by 57%
since 2020, primarily through the transition of our
fleet to hybrids and EVs. Continued transition of
our fleet to hybrids and EVs provides the greatest
opportunity for ongoing reductions.

137

8

FY14

3

reduction in total Scope 1 & 2
emissions since 2014, reflecting our
transition to sourcing the equivalent
of 100% renewable electricity

78
158

1, 2

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

164

Emissions scope

96%

48
175

2020 baseline 1, 2: 34,939 tCO2-e
Reduction of 16.3% by 2025

1

242
223

2020 baseline: 19,282 tCO2-e
Reduction of 21% by 2025

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

We set our current Scope 1 and 2, and Scope 3 operational emissions targets in 2021. In 2024, our Scope 3 operational
emissions target was updated to align with a pathway to limit global warming to 1.5°C for all Scope 3 operational emissions
categories included with our target, except for air travel which remained aligned to a well-below 2°C pathway. We also
updated our Scope 3 baseline due to material business structure changes, including divestments, that had taken place since
developing the initial baseline.

2025 targets

SUSTAINABILITY

Since 2014, we have achieved a 96% reduction in Scope 1 and 2 operational emissions. As at 30 June 2025, we have
achieved our operational emissions targets set for 2025 with a Scope 1 and 2 reduction of 72%, and a Scope 3 reduction
of 36%, since 2020.

Scope 3 operational emissions

CREATING VALUE

Progress on our operational emissions reduction targets

Scope 1 & 2 operational emissions

OVERVIEW

Building on our progress and using insights from reducing our operational
emissions, we are now focused on reducing our supply chain emissions. This year
we have achieved our operational emissions targets for 2025 and also completed
a comprehensive review of our operational emissions strategy covering targets,
boundaries and inventories.

Our operational emissions (‘000s tCO2-e)

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Managing our
operational emissions

Scope 1 and 2 and Scope 3 operational emissions reduction targets

132

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

133

This year we completed an evaluation of our operational emissions strategy as part of our five-year review cycle. The review
considered our Scope 1 and 2, and Scope 3 reduction targets, boundaries and inventories, and incoming new mandatory
climate reporting requirements.

Supporting action outside our operations

Actions to help us reduce our supply chain emissions

Challenges in setting sector goals and
targets for Australian agriculture
The agriculture sector faces specific challenges in goal and target setting,
including measuring emissions, multiple gas sources, different agricultural
activities, and the way emissions are generated and stored through natural
systems. We continued to explore the possibility of setting financed emissions
goals and targets for the Australian agriculture sector, which were deferred in 2024
due to data and methodology challenges. As these challenges remain unresolved,
we have decided not to set goals or targets this year. We remain focused on helping
customers measure their baseline emissions and have updated our methodology
for measuring and reporting our financed emissions for the sector.

as at 30 June 2024

8.5%
financed emissions
as at 30 June 2024

Key nature impacts 2
Water use
Land use
Soil pollution
Water pollution

Key nature dependencies 2
Soil erosion
Water availability
Climate regulation
Flood and storm protection
Water quality

Key:

Very high

We also continue to take steps to reduce the impact of our office and branch fit-outs by making them more resource efficient.
Our refurbishment projects incorporate sustainable design principles, and we look to reuse and repurpose existing building
materials and furniture, wherever possible.

We also measure the impact of our offices via major projects aiming to achieve lower embodied carbon compared to
previous comparable buildings in our portfolio. This year we completed the Bankwest Place refurbishment in Perth, achieving
a 42% reduction in embodied carbon. This is compared to the estimated emissions for a typical fitout with conventional
material selections.

1 Refer to page 429 for source.
2 Based on our 2023 Exploring Natural Capital Opportunities, Risks and Exposure (ENCORE) analysis as published in our 2023 Climate Report.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Our three-year ATM refresh project, covering approximately 1,700 ATMs, is implementing a modular construction system
using lower-carbon, natural and renewable materials. A circular design approach is being taken, facilitating efficient installation
and easy disassembly for repairs and reuse. In addition, our latest container branch, designed to support communities after
natural disasters, considers sustainable design principles. The container itself has been reused, and approximately 70% of its
interior is fitted with lower-carbon and circular materials, such as wall linings made from upcycled packaging, recycled plastic
acoustic panelling and furniture, as well as lower-carbon carpet and joinery panels.

High
FINANCIAL REPORT

Air travel emissions represent 70% of the emissions in our current Scope 3 operational emissions target. Our efforts to date
have been directed towards mitigating our own air travel impacts and supporting lower-carbon alternative fuels. Our Australian
business monitors business travel and tracks actual emissions against internal carbon budgets to balance the demand for
business critical travel while focusing on meeting our Scope 3 target.

The Bank has been supporting the Australian agriculture sector for over
100 years, and we intend to continue supporting our farmers through our
lending and other activities. We recognise that our customers are at different
stages of adopting decarbonisation activities and responding to the transition.
We partner with companies like Ruminati to provide our farming customers
with complimentary tools to estimate their baseline emissions and develop
tailored action plans to help them reduce their on-farm emissions. Our aim
is to continue investing in research partnerships and programs to build our
understanding and share insights with our customers.

in-scope drawn lending

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

We continue to monitor developments related to the
ACCU scheme and note the review Climate Active is
currently undertaking. We will reassess our position as
more information becomes available.

Given air travel emissions are particularly hard to reduce,
CBA has been part of the Qantas SAF coalition for the
past two years. The coalition aims to support the scaling of
the SAF industry to reduce aviation emissions. During the
year we increased our level of participation to become a
‘partner’, which contributes to the airline’s incremental cost
of purchasing SAF. The use of SAF purchased through CBA’s
partnership would be equivalent to avoiding 1,000 tCO₂-e of
CBA’s air travel emissions.

However, many are exploring options to reduce net emissions for improved
profitability, enhancements to natural capital for production, and incentives in
environmental markets and schemes. Availability and costs to implement new
technologies, and balancing competing land uses in the agriculture industry,
continue to slow the pace of progress on emissions reductions for the sector.

1.8%

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

This year CBA signed several multi-year agreements
supporting improved social, cultural and environmental
impacts through projects within the ACCU scheme.
Our portfolio focuses on projects supporting Australia’s
Indigenous communities and aligns with our Reconciliation
Action Plan. This year CBA supported Indigenous savanna
burning projects which also have benefits for nature.
Selected projects went through a due diligence assessment,
to assess the integrity and credibility of the carbon
credits generated. This due diligence assessment was based
on the Integrity Council for the Voluntary Carbon Market’s
Core Carbon Principles and transparency changes to the
ACCU scheme.

In 2024, ASB pre-purchased carbon credits for 2025
sourced from GHG removal projects under the Permanent
Forest Sink Initiative (PFSI). In 2024, Toitū Envirocare
announced its commitment to align their practices with
international standards. As a result, they will be moving
towards no longer accepting carbon credits issued under the
New Zealand PFSI for offsetting purposes. Toitū Envirocare
honours the use of pre-purchased, ‘reserved’ New Zealand
credits. As part of the transition phase, ASB will apply 2024
pre-purchased credits sourced from New Zealand-based
PFSI compliant projects to maintain its Toitū Envirocare Net
Carbon Zero certification.

The Australian agriculture sector is essential for our economy and food security,
and is central to regional communities and the financial health of their economies.
The sector accounts for 18% of Australia’s net emissions, or 16% excluding
land-use, land-use change and forestry. 1 Landowners face risks including acute
weather events, a changing climate and loss of ecosystem services.

SUSTAINABILITY

We do not use carbon credits to meet our operational
emissions targets. However, we continue to support climate
action beyond our value chain, such as purchasing carbon
credits and investing to help reduce our travel emissions.

Continuing to support Australian agriculture

CREATING VALUE

We have also made several changes to improve how we measure, manage and represent Scope 3 operational emission
sources, particularly those associated with our supply chain. Where we do not currently have activity data available, we are
developing spend-based estimates. We have conservatively estimated our expanded footprint as an increase of approximately
600% from our reported 2024 operational emissions. As our current Scope 3 target accounts for only 13% of our expanded
estimated emissions, the existing Scope 3 target is no longer meaningful in its present form. Accordingly, we will reassess
this target and focus on more accurately quantifying our Scope 3 operational emissions in line with new mandatory climate
reporting requirements in 2026.

Australian agriculture is exposed to both climate- and nature-related risks and
opportunities given the emissions created, carbon sequestered into land, and the
impacts and dependencies to produce food and fibre for our economy.

OVERVIEW

Given the significant progress in executing our reduction strategies for Scope 1 and 2, we are increasing our reduction target
from 42% to 75% by 2030 against our 2020 baseline. We are also able to expand our Scope 1 and 2 target coverage from
2026 onwards as we now have better data for our other overseas offices, including India.

Understanding the impact of climate and
nature issues on Australian agriculture

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Reviewing our operational emissions strategy and targets

134

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

135
COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Nature and biodiversity
We continue to recognise the interconnection between nature and climate issues, and the
importance of Australia taking action to maintain, restore and enhance nature and biodiversity.

OVERVIEW

Progressing our approach to nature

Understanding our customers’ impacts and dependencies on nature
can help us manage the risks and opportunities these create. Our
2023 ENCORE analysis identified agriculture and mining as priority
sectors, as well as the built environment in relation to our operations.

We continued to build analytical capabilities to assess nature
impacts and dependencies for parts of our lending portfolio.
This includes taking opportunities to partner with organisations
who can support better measurement of nature-related metrics and
support customers in working towards improved nature outcomes.

The Board continues to oversee the
assessment of risks and opportunities
for the Bank arising from climate change.
The Board’s oversight of climate issues
The Board’s responsibilities include considering the material E&S impacts of the Bank’s activities.
Each of the Board’s four standing Committees assists the Board to carry out its responsibilities,
with the Audit and Risk & Compliance Committees primarily assisting the Board with its oversight
of climate issues.
The Board approves the Group E&S Policy and Framework, and oversees the management of
climate risk within the Bank’s overall business strategy and risk appetite. The Board also monitors
the E&S work program, which includes the development and delivery of CBA’s climate strategy and
progress against goals and targets. The Board and the Audit and Risk & Compliance Committees
regularly receive reports from management on climate-related matters. The contents, including
management’s recommendations, are noted, discussed and/or approved.
For important accompanying information on the role of the Board, its Committees and how information
flows to and from the Board, see page 38.
See our Board and Board Committee Charters at commbank.com.au/corporategovernance

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

We also participated in an Early Adopter Program with CSIRO to test
their new NatureIQ tool that combines multiple CSIRO environmental
indicators, models and datasets. The tool supports assessment and
monitoring of indicators such as ecosystem condition and species
extinction risk.

As a continuation of our embodied carbon
assessments, we engaged a third-party
consultant to conduct an assessment into
the impacts on nature from our retail fitout.
The assessment identified the highest
impact materials on nature as aluminium,
steel and timber and further assessment
of the supply chains of these materials
were carried out. We continue to explore
how these findings can be integrated into
design decisions.

FINANCIAL REPORT

This year we built on previous geospatial analysis and continued
to explore publicly available datasets and methodologies to assess
where our operations and lending activities intersect with nature.
This exercise identified challenges in timeliness and accuracy of
publicly available information on the location of relevant assets.
Through our climate stress test, we also explored exposure to water
stress for select regions in our agriculture portfolio.

We continued to monitor our water and
waste use which were identified as the
Taskforce on Nature-related Financial
Disclosures (TNFD) metrics most material
to our operations. As part of our ongoing
efforts to reduce waste to landfill, we trialled
reusable coffee cups, expanded the roll out
of coffee cup sorting stations, upgraded
our waste infrastructure and signage, and
introduced a dry waste stream into our
Sydney commercial offices this year.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Continuing to develop our
measurement capabilities

Governance

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

We welcome the Australian Federal Government’s initiative to enhance
environmental information through the newly established statutory
body, Environment Information Australia. We continue to monitor
developments under Australia’s Nature Positive Plan. We welcome
further work across government and key industry stakeholder groups
to develop nationally consistent tools and datasets that could support
the pragmatic development of nature commitments and consider the
interdependencies with climate objectives.

As a large Australian lender to the housing
and commercial property sectors, we believe
we have a role to play in understanding the
built environment’s impact and dependency
on nature, starting with our own operations.

SUSTAINABILITY

Since then, we have been building internal analytical capabilities,
exploring emerging tools and piloting elements of the ‘LEAP’ (locate,
evaluate, assess and prepare) framework. While data collection and
measurement methods continue to evolve, there is a clear need for
nationally consistent definitions, metrics and datasets tailored to
the Australian context.

Assessing naturerelated impacts in our
own operations

CREATING VALUE

With one in four Australian businesses calling us their main financial
institution, we play an important role in financing economic activity.
Sectors with greater exposure to nature-related risks, such as
agriculture, mining and construction, are important to building
Australia’s future economy and need balanced, long-term support to
manage their impacts and dependencies.

136

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

137

The Board and its Committees consider a range of climate-related topics where they are responsible
for oversight, including the E&S impact of the Bank’s activities. Board and Committee papers are prepared
by management. The Board and Committees consider the views of a range of stakeholders when reviewing
the papers. Agenda items may be considered in detail first by management at the E&S Committee or
by another management committee before the report is provided to the Board or Board Committee.
The table below is a non-exhaustive list of key climate matters discussed by the Board, and Audit and
Risk & Compliance Committees in the 2025 financial year.

The Board regularly reflects on our strategy, operating context, key priorities, and oversees progress and sets targets. In recent
years the Board has spent time discussing climate issues, including understanding CBA’s role and plans to support Australia’s
transition to net zero by 2050. The transition is an important issue to consider in the context of our strategy. We have used the
information currently available to us to understand the potential impacts, and acknowledge long-term outcomes on the Bank,
our customers and the economy.

Key topics considered in the 2025 financial year
• Provided oversight of the E&S strategy, including receiving updates on key initiatives,
at four Board meetings 1
• Reviewed the Group E&S Policy and Framework at four Board meetings, in connection
with the updating of those documents in FY26
• At the August 2024 meeting, the Board approved the 2024 Climate Report

• At the June 2025 meeting, the Board received an update on environmental risk,
for consideration in the FY26 E&S strategic planning
• At the June 2025 meeting, the Board received an update on the Bank’s 2025
sustainability reporting including climate disclosures
• Sector-level financed emissions targets, goals and/or progress were considered by the
Board at four Board meetings
• Reviewed the Bank’s risk appetite statement, which included climate-related risk measures
and made recommendations to the Board
• Received regular reports from management in relation to risk, including E&S risk

Executive remuneration
Our Executive performance and remuneration frameworks
consider a variety of matters including climate. Executives’
remuneration outcomes are determined through the
assessment of collective and individual measures, which
include climate-related objectives where relevant as part of
the ‘Strategy Execution’ key performance indicator (KPI) for
short-term variable remuneration awards.
For 2025, the ‘Strategy Execution’ KPI has a minimum
weighting of 25%, for relevant Executives’ scorecards.
While there is no set weighting for specific climate-related
measures, execution and delivery of those climate-related
measures will impact the overall outcome of the ‘Strategy

Execution’ KPI. The Board can also exercise discretion to
adjust individual and/or collective outcomes, including
discretion to apply malus clawback provisions in the event
of underperformance.
As part of determining performance and remuneration
outcomes, the four Board Committees met concurrently
to review each Executive’s individual and collective
accountability. For 2025, continued adherence
to the E&S Framework has been incorporated into
our risk and reputation modifier to maintain a strong
link to remuneration outcomes.

For further information on executive remuneration, see pages 182–218 of the Remuneration report.

Audit Committee

• At the August 2024 meeting , considered the 2024 Climate Report, including recommending
the Climate Report to the Board for approval

• At the June 2025 Committee meeting, the Committee received an update on the
implementation of mandatory sustainability reporting, including climate disclosures

Developing Board skills and continuing education programs

For important accompanying information about the Board skills matrix and the experience of our directors, see pages 49–53.
For important accompanying information about Board education and training for directors, see page 48.

1 ‘Board meeting’ or ‘meeting’ means one of the six scheduled, multi-day Board meetings held by the Board in the 2025 financial year.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

The Nominations Committee oversees the induction program
offered to each new Non-Executive Director which is tailored
to meet their needs. The induction program includes an
overview of E&S issues as they relate to the Bank and our
operations. The Committee also oversees the continuing
education program provided to Directors. This year the Board
continued to invest in E&S-related training with a session
held on Australia’s energy transition. This was led by external
experts and explored progress, challenges and opportunities
in relation to Australia’s energy market.

FINANCIAL REPORT

The Board assesses the appropriate mix of skills, experience,
knowledge, independence, expertise and diversity required
for effective governance, and the extent to which they are
represented on the Board or relevant Committee. E&S is
one of the skills included in the Board skills matrix which
describes that a director understands potential risks and
opportunities from an E&S perspective. On the E&S skill,
of our 10 board members, three directors have been assessed
as ‘high competency, knowledge and experience’ and seven
have been assessed as ‘practised or direct experience’,
as relevant to CBA.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

• At the August 2024 meeting, provided oversight of certain sector-level financed emissions
targets, including recommending certain targets to the Board for approval

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Risk & Compliance
Committee

For important accompanying information on how the Board considers material sustainability issues, see page 39.

SUSTAINABILITY

• At the December 2024 meeting, the Board participated in an education session on
Australia’s energy transition

In 2025, as part of our biennial review process, we reviewed our E&S policy settings and updated our E&S Framework.
Throughout this process, the Board engaged in multiple discussions, considering certain relevant E&S issues, the evolving
external context, various stakeholder perspectives and sought to balance impacts, such as the security of Australia’s energy
platform. The settings in our updated E&S Framework continue to reinforce our climate strategy. Following these discussions
in August 2025, the Board resolved to approve the updated 2025 E&S Policy and publication of the E&S Framework.

CREATING VALUE

Board

The Board also receives regular reporting from management on our environmental strategy. This year the Board discussed
updates on the evolving external context and progress on key initiatives, including our sector-level financed emissions goals
and targets, and climate resilience priorities.

OVERVIEW

The Board’s strategic consideration of climate issues

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

How often the Board is informed about climate matters

138

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

139

The Board has delegated the management of the Bank to the CEO, except for certain powers retained by the Board or
delegated to others including Board and Management Committees. Once the Board has approved the strategic objectives and
risk appetite of the Bank, which includes our climate strategy, the CEO is accountable for execution. The CEO then delegates
authority to the Group Executives for the effective execution of the Bank’s operational activities.

Chief Executive Officer
Management of the Bank, including executing and delivering our strategy; and Chair of the Non-Financial Risk Committee
(NFRC) and E&S Committee.

Governance committees within the Bank, such as risk management committees, product governance forums and
transaction-level committees, support the Board’s oversight and the Executive Leadership Team’s (ELT’s) management
of climate-related risks and opportunities. Each of these committees and forums have charters that govern and outline roles
and responsibilities. Climate-related financial risks and opportunities can be escalated through these reporting structures.
Governance processes are supported by the application of a range of internal policies, standards and procedures that
determine the way we deliver our products and services. For example, our Product Development and Distribution Standard
embeds consideration of E&S product features into the product governance process, which includes oversight of changes
to product features and periodic reviews through an E&S lens.

CREATING VALUE

Chief Financial Officer
Reporting obligations, including our Annual Report; environmental policy settings captured in our E&S Policy; overseeing and
reporting on our performance and progress towards goals and targets; executing our property strategy and managing the
facilities in our Australia-based buildings; and management of our supplier framework, including relevant policies.

SUSTAINABILITY

Chief Risk Officer
Creating and maintaining our risk appetite statement (RAS) and preparing the Board-approved RAS, including RAS indicators;
ensuring an appropriate Risk Management Framework (RMF) is in place to manage our risks; ensuring appropriate processes
and tools are in place to strengthen our risk culture; shares responsibility with business units for certain credit decisions 1; and
Chair of the Financial Risk Committee (FRC).
Group Executives for Retail Banking Services (RBS), Business Banking (BB) and Institutional Banking and Markets (IB&M)
Products and services offered to our customers, which can include designing and distributing products or services with E&S
features; shares responsibility with the Chief Risk Officer for certain credit decisions 2; creating and maintaining the RAS for
their business unit; and ensuring the E&S Policy is adhered to in their business unit, including delivering actions and allocating
resources in line with our commitments.

Key areas of Executive Leadership Team discussion during 2025

The E&S Committee oversees the E&S strategy, governance and priorities for implementation
which includes climate-related matters. In preparation for Board approval, the Committee
discussed and endorsed the E&S Policy and updated Framework following input from
impacted business and support units as part of the biennial review.

For important accompanying information on our management committees, see page 63.
1 Shared responsibility for credit decisions on transactions with Group Executives of BB, IB&M and RBS (as it relates to Commonwealth Private customers) in
accordance with applicable Group policies and standards.
2 The Group Executive RBS shares responsibility for credit decisions with the Chief Risk Officer as it relates to Commonwealth Private customers. All other credit
decisions within RBS are retained by the Group Executive.

Transaction oversight for Institutional
Banking and Markets customers

In RBS, we take a portfolio managed approach to E&S
governance, implementing this for products, tools or features
that we provide to customers, rather than through individual
customer ESG risk assessments. For new CBA product
offerings with E&S features, including the Home Energy
Upgrades service, the Bank carefully considered the potential
impacts to our conduct, strategic and credit risks. Before
being sent, customer communications are reviewed to check
environmental claims are accurate and can be supported.

In IB&M, lending customers are relationship managed and
supported directly by our bankers. As part of the corporate
lending process, ESG risk assessments are completed for
institutional customers, and are reviewed and refreshed
annually. IB&M operates two key forums that support
consideration of E&S risks and other reputational risks.
These review forums, which involve senior management
from within and outside IB&M, include an E&S Deal
Review (EDR) and the IB&M Commitments Committee.

Our approach to transaction
governance in Business Banking

Before credit approval, a proposed transaction is escalated to
EDR if it meets certain conditions, including if the customer’s
activities are captured in the relevant fossil fuel financingrelated commitments in our E&S Framework; the transaction
may impact a sector-level target and/or exposure reporting
for certain sectors; or the ESG risk assessment results
in a heightened ESG risk rating. Where appropriate, the
EDR can also escalate a proposed transaction to the IB&M
Commitments Committee, particularly where it may impact
the Bank’s non-financial risks, reputational risk, strategy or
values. If the transaction is supported for approval, it then
proceeds through the credit approval pathway.

In BB, our approach to climate-related governance is determined
by the size of a customer’s current or proposed commercial
or corporate lending. Customers with greater than or equal to
$1.5 million in lending require an ESG risk assessment. The
majority of these customers are relationship managed by our
bankers. Depending on the customer’s ESG risk profile, or where
additional oversight is required, ESG risk assessments may
be escalated to senior management or the BB Commitments
Committee. Matters escalated to the BB Commitments
Committee are noted at the E&S Committee and may include
those subject to commitments in our E&S Framework.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Environmental &
Social Committee

The NFRC reviews and monitors the effectiveness of non-financial risk aspects of
the RAS. It also assesses emerging risks and trends, oversees the Bank’s regulatory
relationships, and reports significant risk matters to the Board or its Committees,
including those related to climate. In June 2025, the Committee noted an update on
the implementation of Australian mandatory climate reporting, which included key
actions addressed in 2025 and plans for 2026. Following this discussion, an update
was provided to the Audit Committee for oversight.

Product governance forums to support
Retail Banking Services

FINANCIAL REPORT

Non–Financial
Risk Committee

The FRC reviews and monitors our financial risk frameworks and key financial risk policies.
It assesses new financial risks and trends, oversees stress testing outcomes, and reports
significant financial risk issues to the Board, including those related to climate. Before
reporting to the Board, the Committee reviewed the results of the annual climate risk
materiality assessment which assessed the current and anticipated climate-related
effects on the Bank’s material risk types under three severe, but plausible,
climate scenarios.

Our customer-facing business units have controls and risk mitigation strategies in place. Examples include sector-level
financed emissions goals and targets for lending to certain sectors and ESG risk assessments; an ESG Credit Standard to
consider climate risk in credit risk assessments and the management of credit portfolios; scenario analysis to assess the
physical and transition risks of climate change on the Bank; supplier E&S due diligence processes; and a Supplier Code of
Conduct to support adherence to CBA’s E&S Framework.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Financial Risk
Committee

Management processes and controls to support oversight

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Considering climate-related opportunities for the Bank is a responsibility for the Board and all employees, with individual
opportunities predominantly identified by our customer-facing business units – RBS, BB and IB&M. Where appropriate,
climate-related opportunities may be escalated to an appropriate management committee, or the Board, for consideration
or approval.

OVERVIEW

Responsibilities relating to the execution of our climate strategy and management of climate-related risks include:

Embedding climate governance within our business

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Management accountability

140

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

141
COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Monitoring our sector-level financed emissions goals and targets
Processes to support the governance and monitoring of our sector-level financed emissions goals and targets.
Sectors

Upstream gas extraction 1
Thermal coal mining 1

In IB&M where we identify a transaction that is likely to
impact a sector-level financed emissions target or goal, we
individually assess the likely impact and table this assessment
for consideration at the EDR forum. Individual assessments
are not completed on corporate credit cards and overdrafts.

Quarterly reporting
is noted at the E&S
Committee and is
based predominantly
on updates of our
lending exposures to
customers. Movement
analysis is completed
to assess the portfolio’s
progress versus the
prior period and the
reference scenario.

Heavy industry 1

Aviation 1
Shipping 1

Australian housing
Australian commercial property

We adopt a portfolio-managed risk approach rather than
assessing the impact of individual transactions on sector-level
goals. Individual transactions in these sectors are unlikely to
materially impact progress towards the goal.

Risk

Half-yearly updates are
provided to the Board.
Annual data refresh is
completed to update
customer emissions data.

SUSTAINABILITY

Australian road (passenger and
light commercial vehicle finance)

In IB&M and BB 2 where transaction escalation processes
identify a potential material impact to a sector-level target or
goal, we assess the likely impact on the relevant sector-level
financed emissions.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Reporting against our fossil fuel financing-related commitments
We have a commitment to report annually on our compliance with the fossil fuel financing-related commitments outlined in
our E&S Framework. This applies in respect of certain oil and/or gas producing, thermal coal, metallurgical coal mining and
power generation clients. For these commitments, a power generation client is identified as an entity with an ANZSIC code for
electricity generation or electricity supply which also has power generation activities. IB&M and BB have used governance
processes similar to, or the same as, those described above to support compliance with these commitments. Based on those
processes and other checks we have completed, we have complied with the fossil fuel financing-related commitments in our
E&S Framework.

FINANCIAL REPORT
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

2 For BB, transaction-level oversight is applied to business lending transactions of ≥$1.5 million.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Climate-related risks can have
different impacts on our customers,
people, communities and the Bank.
Our risk management approach
helps us better understand and
manage these impacts for the Bank.

1 In BB, during the year, we did not identify any customers with ≥$1.5 million in business lending that completed transactions that would have impacted these
sector-level financed emissions goals and targets.

CREATING VALUE

Monitoring and reporting
OVERVIEW

Power generation 1 (excluding renewables)
Upstream oil extraction 1

Transaction-level oversight

142

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

143

For more information on our approach to managing risks and risk governance, see pages 60–63.

• Obstacles in financing new industries could result
in a competitive disadvantage and revenue decline
in the long term.

Non-financial risk drivers
• Our branches, ATM network, payments processing
infrastructure and the data centres we use could
be impacted by extended outages from severe
weather events.
• Changes in our policies and practices to limit the Bank’s
exposure to climate-related risks could result in the
perception of unfair treatment to segments of customers.
• Rapidly changing climate regulations could lead to
compliance failures by the Bank or our suppliers,
leading to penalties or legal action.

Financial risk drivers

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

• Climate transition – New climate change or energy
policies, technological advancements, or changing
community expectations could reduce the business model
viability of certain business or institutional customers. This
could impact their ability to repay loans, with the severity
of potential credit losses to the Bank increasing due to
declining asset values held as collateral. Unemployment
could also increase and home values could decline in
regions dependent on these businesses, resulting in
increased losses to the Bank from retail customers.

FINANCIAL REPORT

• Physical climate changes – More frequent, severe
weather events and long-term changes in climate
patterns could cause damage or decline in asset values,
impacting the ability of households and businesses
to repay their loans. The severity of credit losses to
the Bank may increase due to declining asset values
held as collateral, especially for customers in high-risk
areas without adequate insurance, or who are facing
prolonged unemployment or business disruption.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

We also perform transition and physical risk scenario
analyses to evaluate the resilience of the Bank’s strategy
and business model to climate-related changes,
developments and uncertainties. Our climate scenario
analysis, combined with our climate risk materiality
assessment (CRMA), helps us understand our exposure
to strategic, financial and non-financial risks from climate
change, as well as our risks and opportunities over the short,
medium and long term. We continue to enhance our climate
risk management tools and practices in line with evolving
industry practices, and regulatory expectations.

• Inadequate climate commitments or lending to
companies facing reputational challenges could damage
the Bank’s reputation and exclude us from opportunities
in the global and domestic transition economy.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

We use a range of tools and techniques to help us identify,
assess, manage and monitor climate-related risks holistically
at the Group level, and on a portfolio basis or for individual
customers in certain circumstances. This approach helps us
explore the physical and transition risks from climate change
that may impact our business and customers over different time
horizons. It also helps us consider how our business activities
can impact the environment, our customers and the community.

• Our commitment to support Australia’s transition
to net zero by 2050 could be impacted by global
economic and geopolitical changes.

SUSTAINABILITY

The Bank manages risks, including climate-related risks,
through our RMF. The RMF is reviewed by management,
the Risk & Compliance Committee and the Board to
accommodate changes in our operating environment,
better practices, and regulatory and community
expectations. Climate-related risks are embedded in the
Board-approved risk taxonomy under our E&S risk type.
E&S risk is integrated into the Bank’s governance structures,
policies, risk appetite and strategic planning processes.
E&S risk includes climate- and nature-related impacts, and

represents drivers of potentially material strategic,
financial and non-financial risks to the Bank.

Strategic and reputational risk drivers

CREATING VALUE

Climate change has been identified as a risk that could have
a material impact on stakeholders within our value chain and
expose the Bank to both physical and transition risks. While
our current analysis shows that climate change is unlikely to
have material financial impacts on the Bank in the short term,
failure to respond adequately to the potential and expected
impacts of climate change could affect our long-term
strategy, performance and franchise value. We acknowledge
some of our customers, communities and regions will face
greater climate impacts and risks than others, and we remain
well positioned to support them.

As a bank that provides deposit and lending services to Australian retail, business
and institutional customers, our business and value chain may be exposed to
climate-related risks and opportunities from a number of sources, including the
customers and communities we support and serve.

OVERVIEW

Delivering our climate strategy requires an understanding of the
different ways climate-related risks could impact our business, and
how our business activities could impact the climate, our customers,
people and communities. The Bank’s embedded RMF, culture and
Code of Conduct, guide our people to manage climate-related risks
and opportunities.

Where our climate-related risks and
opportunities are concentrated

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Our approach to climate-related
risks and opportunities

144

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

145

Acute physical risk in our Australian home loans portfolio

For the footnotes relevant to this table, see page 415 in the Climate disclosures appendix.
Jun 25

Consumer

Total sector
TCE $bn

TCE %
of total

Total sector
TCE $bn

TCE %
of total

56.9%

793.0

57.5%

31.6

2.1%

30.5

2.2%

Australian home loans exposed to high cyclone risk

11.7

0.8%

11.0

0.8%

Australian home loans exposed to high flood risk

17.5

1.2%

17.1

1.2%

Australian home loans exposed to high fire risk

1.8

0.1%

1.8

0.1%

Australian home loans exposed to sea level rise

1.6

0.1%

1.6

0.1%

Australian home loans exposed to high transition risk 5

17.5

1.2%

16.6

1.2%

Total consumer elevated risk

47.3

3.2%

45.3

3.3%

Agriculture & forestry

35.0

2.3%

32.5

2.4%

7.7

0.5%

7.2

0.5%

Livestock

14.7

1.0%

13.5

1.0%

Transport & storage

28.5

1.9%

27.9

2.0%

Coal terminals 6

0.2

0.0%

0.3

0.0%

LNG terminals

$11.7bn

$17.5bn

$1.8bn

corresponding to ~35,000 properties
exposed to high cyclone risk

corresponding to ~40,000
properties exposed to high flood risk

corresponding to ~4,000 properties
exposed to high fire risk

Our home loans portfolio is geographically spread across Australia. Homeowners in some areas are highly exposed to acute
physical risk and severe weather events such as floods, cyclones and bushfires. This year we sought to more accurately
quantify our potential exposure to extreme weather events using a case study of severe cyclones impacting South-East
Queensland (QLD).
We continue to develop and enhance our view of acute physical climate risk by exploring new datasets and improving our
understanding of the pathways for credit losses as well as the implications of underinsurance in the home loans portfolio.
In the event our customers are affected by natural disasters, such as bushfires, floods or storms, they may be able to access
our emergency assistance support options.
To read about our South-East QLD severe cyclone scenario analysis, see page 152.

Illustrative locations of acute physical risk in Australia 1

0.0%

0.2

0.0%

0.4%

6.1

0.4%

Oil and gas shipping (including FPSO) 9

0.0

0.0%

0.1

0.0%

Rail transport

2.1

0.1%

1.9

0.1%

Road transport

5.0

0.3%

4.9

0.4%

Pipeline transport 10

0.8

0.1%

0.8

0.1%

Manufacturing

20.9

1.4%

19.5

1.4%

Highest

Highest

Highest

Petroleum refining

0.1

0.0%

0.0

0.0%

Lowest

Lowest

Lowest

0.7

0.0%

0.9

0.1%

0.9

0.1%

0.8

0.1%

Air transport 8

Heavy industry (steel, alumina, aluminium and cement)
Chemicals manufacturing

11

Auto manufacturing

1.1

0.1%

1.3

0.1%

Retail trade

17.0

1.1%

15.7

1.1%

1.5

0.1%

1.3

0.1%

18.7

1.3%

16.8

1.2%

2.1

0.1%

1.9

0.1%

Electricity, gas & water

19.5

1.3%

15.9

1.2%

Non-renewable power generation 11, 12

1.4

0.1%

1.5

0.1%

Gas supply 10

0.6

0.0%

0.5

0.0%

Mining, oil & gas

7.3

0.5%

6.9

0.5%

Upstream oil and gas exploration and production

0.8

0.1%

1.7

0.1%

Thermal coal mining

1.2

0.1%

1.0

0.1%

Metallurgical coal mining

0.0

0.0%

0.1

0.0%

Total non-consumer elevated risk

47.4

3.2%

45.8

3.3%

11

Total TCE
Sectors exposed to elevated risks

1,497.0

Fire

1,378.1

Analysis was out of scope 13

1 These maps illustrate acute physical risk across Australia and are not indicative of CBA’s exposures in the home loan portfolio.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Petroleum product wholesaling and marketing

Flood

FINANCIAL REPORT

Automotive fuel retailing
Wholesale trade

Cyclone

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

0.1
6.3

7

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Dairy

Transition
risk 4

Flood

SUSTAINABILITY

851.6

Australian home loans exposed to high physical risk 5

Physical
risk 3

Fire

Cyclone

CREATING VALUE

Sectors 2

Jun 24 1

To help us effectively manage our climate-related risks, we monitor the impact of severe weather events and natural disasters
on our business and customers, including in our home lending portfolio. We use third-party datasets and model providers to
help enable a more complete view of the potential risk exposures across our portfolios. This year our analysis indicated CBA
exposures of:

OVERVIEW

Our assessment of the Bank’s financial exposure to climate-related risk considers the extent to which regions or industries we
lend to are currently exposed to elevated physical and/or transition risks. The table below identifies sub-sectors, primarily based
on ANZSIC classifications within our portfolio, which are currently exposed to elevated levels of climate-related physical or
transition risk. This year we have assessed the resilience of 47% and 89% of our lending portfolios to potential climate-related
physical and transition risks, respectively. The table also shows where the Bank’s climate-related physical and transition risks are
concentrated within our lending portfolio, and provides context for senior management when assessing the impact of climate
change through our CRMA.

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Our portfolio exposure to physical and transition risks

146

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

147

Climate-related risk can amplify other risk types. Our approach aims to integrate the
identification, assessment and management of climate-related risks into existing
business activities to help us understand and manage any changes to our strategic,
financial and non-financial risks.

How climate impacts credit risk

Identify/Assess

Manage/Monitor

Scope
Retail

Non-retail

Own operations

Further
information
see page(s)

How we are integrating climate-related risk into our credit
risk framework

Climate-related strategic risks
115

Sustainability funding framework

172

Financed emissions reduction strategies

116–129

Product development and distribution practices

139

Climate governance and reporting

135–140

Climate risk materiality assessment

154–158

Established Board-approved risk appetite indicators to monitor exposures in
portfolios that could result in elevated credit risk from climate change.

Standards

Introduced an ESG Credit Standard to guide bankers on how to consider
E&S factors in credit assessments and decisions.

Credit assessments

Throughout the credit process, our bankers complete an ESG risk assessment and
consider the impact of E&S risks on a customer’s 1 credit profile.

Portfolio reporting

Internal reporting to monitor portfolios with elevated ESG risk.

Engaging with 100 of our most carbon-intensive customers across IB&M to
better understand how they are assessing climate-related risks and opportunities.

Climate-related risk in our portfolios

Scenario analysis

149–153

Credit risk framework

147–148

Data quality initiatives

134

Climate stress index (for agriculture only)

159

Borrower mitigation
assessment

130–132

Data strategies

Exploring the collection of new data points for future use in credit decisions
and analytics.

Scenario analysis

Conducting scenario analysis to assess the potential credit risk impacts on our
retail and non-retail portfolios from physical and transition risks in the short,
medium and long term.

Provisioning

Routinely considering the need for adjustments to provisions due to
climate-related physical or transition events.

Climate-related risk from our operations
Operational emissions reduction strategies
Climate-related risk from our suppliers
Supplier risk governance tool

159

Supplier engagement

159

Supplier Code of Conduct

139

Climate-related risk in our financing decisions
Credit risk framework

147–148

ESG risk assessment tool

148

Customer engagement

114

Transition Plan assessments

115
1 ESG risk assessments are required for IB&M, BB and Commonwealth Private customers with current or proposed business or institutional lending ≥$1.5 million.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

148

FINANCIAL REPORT

Risk appetite statement

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Risk appetite

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

E&S Policy and Framework

SUSTAINABILITY

Purpose

CREATING VALUE

We use a range of tools and techniques to help us identify, assess, manage and monitor climate-related risks and opportunities
to our strategy, our portfolios, and at an individual supplier and customer level where certain criteria are met. This year we
continued to enhance our climate risk management tools and practices in line with evolving industry practices and regulatory
expectations. The table below outlines the key policies, processes and tools in place to help us identify, assess, manage and
monitor our risks and opportunities.

More frequent, severe weather events and long-term changes in climate patterns can cause damage or decline in asset values,
impacting the ability of households and businesses to repay their loans. The ability of some businesses to repay loans could
also be impacted by a decline in the viability of their business models and profitability. This could be due to new climate change
and energy policies, technological advancements, or changing community expectations that impact demand for their products
or services. Unemployment could also increase in regions dependent on these businesses, resulting in increased losses to the
Bank from retail customers. Physical and transition factors could also decrease the value of the assets held as collateral by the
Bank, resulting in more severe credit losses when a default occurs. It is important we assess and understand the impacts to
help us manage our risks effectively.

OVERVIEW

Embedding climate into our
credit risk framework

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Our climate-related risk policies,
processes and tools

148

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

149

ESG risk assessment tool
Our ESG risk assessment tool plays an important role in our
business and institutional lending processes by assisting our
bankers to:

• assess the mitigating actions that our customers take
to manage their ESG risks
• assess how lending to our customers aligns to the
commitments made in our E&S Framework.

Institutional Banking
& Markets

Number of assessments escalated
and noted at the E&S Committee

853

29

Number of lending assessments
completed 2
Number of assessments escalated to
the BB Commitments Committee and
noted at the E&S Committee

13,500

We aim to use scenarios that:
• are considered credible global climate scenarios
• have plausible and appropriately severe outcomes

17

• support comparability with other organisations by using
consistent input variables.
Our long-term climate scenarios are based on the Network
for Greening the Financial System (NGFS) scenarios. This
is a set of scenarios, developed by an international network
of central banks and supervisors, to provide a common and

The Board reviews and approves the RAS indicators annually.
In the latest review, the Board increased the ‘early warning’
and ‘intervention’ levels for the institutional RAS indicator
due to a methodology change, not an increased risk appetite.

The NGFS scenarios incorporate the latest climate science
findings, recent economic and climate data, country-level
policy commitments to reach net zero emissions, and the
latest trends in renewable energy and mitigation technologies.
We prioritise our scenario analysis work based on the size of
our lending portfolios, their exposure to climate-related risks
and our ability to conduct analyses based on the availability
of data. We recognise that climate scenario techniques and
data are constantly evolving and maturing, and we may
change our selection over time.
For more detail on our scenario analysis approach including
assumptions and limitations, see pages 406–414 in the Climate
disclosures appendix.

Priority of our portfolios and risk types
Acute physical risk
Scope

Cyclone

Flood

Bushfire

Chronic physical risk
Sea-level rise

Other
(drought)

Transition risk

Australian home loans
Agriculture and forestry
Other business lending
Own operations
Analysis 1 completed or refreshed in FY25

Analysis 1 completed in prior years

1 Number of assessments are rounded to the nearest hundred.
2 Using the ESG risk assessment tool.

Heat stress

1 Completed analysis includes portfolio exposure monitoring and stress testing exercises.

Early exploration in progress

Not yet prioritised

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

credit losses if these customers’ businesses are challenged
by new climate policies, technology changes or shifting
community expectations. Currently, both indicators are
within Board-approved thresholds, requiring no intervention.
Management reviews these indicators quarterly and adjusts
lending policies and limits as needed. The Bank also continues
to maintain a qualitative RAS to guide employees on the
broader behavioural expectations in relation to our E&S
Framework and commitments.

up-to-date reference point for exploring how climate change,
climate policy and technological trends could unfold under
different futures.

FINANCIAL REPORT

For home loans, our indicator measures the percentage of
loans with high loan-to-value ratios and exposure to climate
physical risks like floods, fires and cyclones. This helps monitor
the likelihood of higher credit losses if property values fall in
areas experiencing extreme weather. For institutional lending,
the indicator tracks the percentage of loans to customers with
high climate transition risk. This assesses the potential for

We use a combination of scenarios to explore the impact of
individual severe physical and transition events that could
impact the Bank in any given year, as well as long-term
climate scenarios to understand impacts to the Bank under
different futures exposed to high transition or physical risks.

• are consistent with market practices

Risk appetite statement
The Board-approved RAS defines the maximum risk allowable
to deliver the Bank’s strategic priorities. Management is
required to operate within risk appetite. We have integrated
two quantitative RAS indicators to help minimise potential
credit losses from portfolios with higher exposure to
climate-related risks. These focus on physical risk in the
retail portfolio and transition risk in the institutional portfolio.

How we prioritise the scenarios we run

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Number of lending assessments
completed 2

Business Banking 1

Climate-related risk is highly uncertain. We perform scenario analysis, as needed, to understand the potential future impacts
of climate-related risks on our financial position, performance, cash flows and business model. It may also help us make
decisions to manage our risks which may include updates to policies, changes to risk appetite settings, portfolio limits or
exclusions and consideration in capital planning. We acknowledge some of our customers, communities and regions will
face greater climate impacts and risks than others, and we remain well positioned to support them.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

The tool is supported by a set of inherent risk ratings across
industry ANZSIC codes for nine key focus areas: climate
and energy; climate physical risk; nature impact; nature
dependency; human rights; labour rights and modern
slavery; Indigenous rights; workplace health and safety;

Climate scenario analysis

SUSTAINABILITY

• identify and assess the ESG risks that our customers
are exposed to

and anti-corruption and governance. The tool also includes
specific questions aimed at assessing whether lending
to a customer is aligned to the commitments in our E&S
Framework. The tool directs bankers to obtain appropriate
business and credit risk approvals. Decisions on lending
transactions may be escalated to senior management or
business unit governance committees if the assessment
requires further review against the E&S Framework or other
ESG risk indicators. These escalation pathways support
our bankers to make risk-based decisions that consider
potential ESG issues. For relevant project-related finance
transactions we follow the Equator Principles process
requirements. In 2025, we completed more than 14,0001
ESG risk assessments, with 46 escalated to business unit
governance committees and noted at the E&S Committee.

Our climate scenario analysis, combined with our climate risk
materiality assessment, helps us assess the resilience of the
Bank’s business model and strategy to climate-related changes,
developments and uncertainties.

CREATING VALUE

We have not currently identified a globally accepted, standardised methodology for quantifying climate-related impacts on credit
risk. Therefore, our ESG credit assessments continue to be driven by customer due diligence and qualitative assessments in
processes tailored to the risk of specific portfolios. We expect our approach to integrating ESG into our credit risk framework
will continue to evolve and adapt as industry practices mature, and as regulatory and stakeholder expectations change.

Resilience of our business
to climate change

OVERVIEW

We have explicitly incorporated the consideration of ESG risk assessments into our credit risk framework through our ESG
Credit Standard. The standard provides a structured framework for the way in which E&S risks are to be considered in
credit risk assessment processes for our customers. Along with all our other group-wide credit standards, it establishes the
minimum credit expectations and requirements for identifying, managing and monitoring a borrower or counterparty’s E&S
risks. The standard, which is applicable across the Bank, requires that existing or new non-retail borrowers or counterparties
that meet certain criteria be considered against the commitments in the Bank’s E&S Framework when performing a credit
assessment. Throughout the credit process, E&S risks identified are assessed for their impact on our customers’ ability to
repay. In some cases, the standard also requires reviewing the borrower’s collateral they pledge to the Bank for E&S risks.

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

ESG Credit Standard

150

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

151

Outcomes of our long-term scenarios

Long-term scenarios

Outcomes under all three long-term scenarios indicate the Bank’s business model remains resilient, and reinforces our
approach to supporting Australia’s transition to net zero by 2050 and building climate resilience. While severe weather
may cause substantial losses in some years in the long term, the financial impacts of climate-related risks are not currently
considered material to the Bank. This is based on modelling which shows minimal impact on loan impairment expenses and
average operating profit over time.

OVERVIEW

This year we performed three long-term climate scenarios based on the NGFS scenarios. They explore futures with high
transition risk (net zero 2050), higher transition risk (delayed transition) and higher physical risk (current policies). These three
NGFS scenarios were selected to enable the assessment of a range of plausible climate physical and transition risk outcomes.
To date, global progress against the goals of the Paris Agreement has lagged, increasing risk of the net zero 2050 scenario
being out of reach. The delayed transition and current policies scenarios were selected as the Bank believes slower global
progress in climate policy increases the probability of either scenario occurring. The NGFS scenario macroeconomic forecasts
were tailored to the Australian context by an external economic advisory firm (Oxford Economics), and then modelled using
the Bank’s suite of stress testing models to determine balance sheet and credit loss results extending out to 2050.

Net zero 2050 and delayed transition

Delayed transition

Current policies

Net zero 2050 limits global warming
to 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels by
2100 through immediate introduction
of stringent climate policies and
innovation, reaching global net zero
CO2 emissions around 2050. This
leads to high transition risks.

Assumes global annual emissions
do not decrease until 2030. Strong
policies are introduced globally after
2030 but differ across countries and
regions. Warming is limited to ~1.7°C
above pre-industrial levels by 2100
but leads to higher transition risks.

Assumes climate action is limited to
currently implemented government
policies. Global emissions continue to
rise until 2080, and the world warms
to ~3°C above pre-industrial levels by
2100. This results in more frequent
and extreme climate events.

Description

~1.5°C

~1.7°C

~3°C

Temperature rise by 2100
Physical risk

Low

High

Higher

impact to Australia is minimised by high levels of renewables
penetration in the Australian electricity grid at that stage.
The cash rate is assumed to remain low under these scenarios,
supporting sustained growth in house prices. This limits
average credit losses for the Bank due to the continued
strong average loan-to-value ratio of borrowers. However,
some industries and regions are more impacted than others
under these higher transition risk scenarios, such as mining,
utilities, manufacturing and agriculture, and regional areas
exposed to coal and gas extraction industries.
The net zero 2050 scenario has the better outcome for the
Bank in the long term as the orderly nature of the transition
results in higher growth and lower credit losses. The delayed
transition scenario has slower growth between 2035 to 2045
due to the disorderly nature of the transition before recovering.

Australian national average economic variables applied
The economic modelling has been calibrated to the global NGFS scenario narratives and datasets (version 5), with certain
macroeconomic forecasts tailored for the Australian context.
For more detail on the Australian national average economic variables applied for each scenario, see page 409 in the Climate disclosures appendix.

Australian industry and regional economic variables applied

For details of downscaled industry segments and regions, see page 407 in the Climate disclosures appendix.
Impact to GVA (TCE % of total
Group) for high risk industries

Net zero 2050

Delayed transition

Current policies

Agriculture – dairy and livestock (1.5%)

may be subject to substantial losses in any given year from
more severe weather events, average credit losses for the
Bank remain limited in the long term under this scenario due
to strong average loan-to-value ratios of borrowers from rising
house prices.
The impact to the Bank’s performance in this scenario is not
considered material. The Bank expects to maintain operating
profit margins and experience limited average increases in loan
impairment expenses above historical rates.

Heavy industry (<0.1%)

Modelled impacts on credit losses 1

Petroleum product wholesaling and
retailing (0.1%)
Non-renewable power generation (0.1%)

Net zero 2050

Upstream oil and gas exploration and
production (0.1%)

Delayed transition

Current policies

Short term

FINANCIAL REPORT

Air and road transport (0.8%)

Under the current policies future, the economy improves in
the short term as Australia continues to export fossil fuel
products. However, in the long term, inflation increases and
economic productivity declines as capital is used to rebuild
after disasters, rather than being used to grow the economy.
Capital intensive industries such as agriculture, transport and
manufacturing are impacted most due to continuous and
compounding damages. House prices remain high due to
continued housing supply shortages which are exacerbated by
more frequent severe weather events that damage property
at a time when construction is in high demand. While the Bank

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

More granular economic variables were used for a selection of higher transition and physical risk exposed industries and
regions to capture pockets of our portfolio which may not follow national-level trends. In particular, the impact to gross value
added (GVA) for these high-risk industries is shown below.

Current policies

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

The economic impacts are relatively mild under both scenarios
because declines in coal and gas exports are assumed to be
partially offset by increased demand for Australia’s critical
minerals. While the delayed transition scenario assumes
sharp global increases in emissions pricing from 2030, the

Transition risk
Changes relative to other scenarios:

The introduction of strong climate policies, immediately
under net zero 2050, and after 2030 under a delayed
transition, are assumed to increase production costs and
reduce demand for emissions-intensive industries such as
coal and gas mining, manufacturing and livestock farming.
This results in a drag on the economy and leads to moderate
increases in unemployment, which are felt more immediately
under the net zero 2050 scenario. However, the net zero
2050 future requires less aggressive government policies
allowing the economy to more gradually transition away
from emissions-intensive industries over a longer timeframe.

SUSTAINABILITY

Net zero 2050

CREATING VALUE

Scenarios
Scenario

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

The scenarios we performed this year

Coal mining (0.1%)

0 to -5%

-5% to -10%

<-10%

The purpose of these NGFS-aligned scenarios is to identify impact trends that climate change could have over time on the broader
economy, certain industry sectors and ultimately the Bank. The scenarios do not attempt to predict the timing and severity of
individual acute physical or abrupt transition events that could impact the Bank’s financial performance in any given year. Rather,
the cumulative effects of such events are factored into macroeconomic variables used to model these trends. Although this
approach enables a clearer view of any trends over time, it likely underestimates potential losses to the Bank because it does not
account for localised declines, or direct impacts on, asset values from severe climate physical or transition events that could occur
in any given year. Therefore, three acute, event-driven scenarios were conducted to supplement this view (see pages 152–153).

Long term
5 year loss rate <0.6%, <0.2% increase to 5 year historical loss rate 2
5 year loss rate 0.6% to 0.8%, 0.2% to 0.4% increase to 5 year historical loss rate 2
5 year loss rate >0.8%, >0.4% increase to 5 year historical loss rate 2
1 Although average credit losses remain limited, substantial credit losses may arise in any given year from more extreme weather events.
2 Historical loss rate refers to the 5 year loss rate over the period 2020–2024 of 0.4%.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Medium term
0 to 5%

152

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

153

These three acute scenarios were selected as they are considered severe, but plausible climate-related
events that could impact the Bank’s profitability and cash flows in any given year.

Assumes a severe drought across
large areas of Australia lasting for
10 years. There is a simultaneous rise
in interest rates due to unrelated
economic factors, stable commodity
prices globally and declines in farm
property values in the high drought
impacted areas.

Extended electricity
outage in New South
Wales
Assumes two ageing coal-fired
power stations in NSW become
inoperable for up to six months.
This results in rolling blackouts
which impact productivity of high
energy usage industries.

Although not modelled in this scenario, losses would likely
be further exacerbated if impacts to nature are considered.
Prolonged drought conditions degrade nature and critical
ecosystem services required by farming systems. For example,
drought can cause a loss of soil and sediment retention and
loss of vegetation that reduces soil quality and increases risk of
soil erosion, desertification and soil salinity, further impacting
agricultural productivity and resilience.

Extended electricity outage in New South Wales

Cyclone over Brisbane
Why we ran this scenario
AEMO noted in the 2024 ISP that 90% of Australia’s coalfired power generators are forecast to retire by 2035, and
are becoming less reliable and more difficult to maintain.
Investment is needed urgently and new generation, storage
and firming must be in place before coal-fired power stations
retire. We ran this scenario to enhance our understanding of
the potential losses to the Bank from a long-term electricity
outage caused by two coal-fired power stations becoming
simultaneously inoperable.

Key scenario assumptions
The scenario assumes two ageing NSW coal-fired power
stations, responsible for approximately 40% of NSW
electricity supply, become simultaneously inoperable for
six months, leading to energy price increases and rolling
blackouts. Wholesale electricity prices are assumed to
increase fourfold, with retail prices increasing from year two
by 30%. Electricity supply is assumed to be prioritised for

residential and commercial businesses, however high energy
consuming businesses, particularly in manufacturing, are
required to reduce production. The scope of this exercise
was limited to manufacturing industries and the economic
impacts on retail customers. This is based on the assumption
that electricity would be prioritised to other high electricity
usage sectors such as retail, commercial and services,
electricity, gas, water and waste services.

Insights from our analysis
This combination of increased wholesale electricity prices
and reduced production leads to estimated credit losses
to the Bank from the manufacturing sector of below $200
million over five years. The greatest losses arise from the
manufacturing sub-industries of transport equipment,
machinery and equipment, food and chemical manufacturing.
Energy price increases of 30% in retail do not drive material
retail credit losses for the Bank, with losses estimated to be
below $100 million driven by a slight economic downturn.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Total losses to the Bank modelled in this scenario are
approximately $1.5 billion over a five-year period, with more
than 75% of the losses occurring in the first two years. These
losses arise from home loan exposures in impacted areas of
approximately $91 billion and non-retail exposures of $16 billion.
Losses are approximately double in the retail portfolio compared
to non-retail. Mortgage losses are driven by borrower repayment
stress after accounting for insurance, coupled with property
price declines in impacted areas. Non-retail losses are driven by
downtime, supply chain disruptions and economic decline that
culminates after the second event. The largest non-retail losses

Out of scope

FINANCIAL REPORT

Insights from our analysis

Total losses to the Bank over the 10 years are assessed to be below
$500 million, split relatively evenly between farming – mainly grain
growing, mixed farming and beef cattle farming – and agriculture
adjacent industries, mainly from food manufacturing and farm
produce wholesaling. The maximum loss in any individual year under
this scenario does not exceed $100 million.

Low water risk areas

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

The scenario assumes two severe cyclones (Category 4) make
landfall over South-East QLD a year apart. First over the
Sunshine Coast and then Brisbane. Each of these Category 4
cyclones are currently individually assessed as 1-in-200-year
events, however the probability of two severe cyclone events
in successive years in this location is currently extremely low.
This scenario results in significant property damage from
wind, storm surges and inland cyclone-induced flooding. This
is exacerbated where properties are not built to withstand
Category 4 cyclone winds. Limited government support is
assumed. Supply chain disruptions and downtime impact
business productivity. Following the back-to-back cyclones,
property prices decline in impacted areas and the events lead
to an economic decline in QLD with unemployment rates
increasing materially, particularly in regional areas.

arise from commercial property and wholesale trade. Although
not modelled under this scenario, losses could also be expected
from personal loans and credit cards, at similar rates to those
modelled under the economic downturn stress tests. Although
this represents an increase in single year credit losses, it is
currently not considered to be financially material to the Bank
due to its low probability of occurring and is mitigated by our
existing credit provisions. An event of this magnitude would also
not impact our current capital or liquidity RAS indicators.

Insights from our analysis

High water risk areas

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Key scenario assumptions

Key scenario assumptions

SUSTAINABILITY

Series of severe cyclones over South-East Queensland

Research indicates that large, populated areas across
South-East QLD and Northern NSW may experience more
severe cyclones in the future as cyclones begin to track further
south. We ran this scenario to enhance our understanding
of the potential losses to the Bank from an extreme weather
event that may become increasingly plausible over time.

Water risk score for in-scope postcodes

Droughts have been a feature of the Australian landscape throughout
history and can have severe impacts on the environment, industries,
economy and people. Climate change is increasing temperatures and
affecting rainfall, evaporation and climate systems in Australia, with
climate projections indicating that droughts may be more severe and
last longer. We ran this scenario to enhance our understanding of
the potential losses to the Bank should a long-term drought lead to a
substantial decline in farm values.

The scenario assumes a severe drought lasting for 10 years across
parts of the Murray-Darling Basin and Western Australia. The
scenario assumes farm values decline in the high-drought impact
areas, the drought occurs during a high interest rate environment
for reasons unrelated to the drought and the effectiveness of
government support declines over the scenario.

Outcomes of our acute event scenarios

Why we ran this scenario

Why we ran this scenario

CREATING VALUE

Assumes two severe cyclones make
landfall in the South-East QLD region
in consecutive years. This results
in significant property damage,
supply chain disruptions, property
price declines, declining insurance
affordability and an economic decline
in QLD.

Long-term drought
impacting the
agriculture portfolio

OVERVIEW

Series of severe cyclones
over South-East
Queensland

Long-term drought impacting the agriculture portfolio

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Acute event scenarios

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

155

• Current term (within the next 12 months).
• Short term (~3 years) to align with the Bank’s strategic
planning cycle.
• Medium term (~10 years) to align with the timeframe of
when physical impacts begin to diverge for the low versus
high warming futures.

The risk ratings indicate the impact of climate change on the
relevant risk type under each scenario. For financial risks and
capital adequacy risk, ratings were determined with reference
to the relevant Board approved RAS. For non-financial, E&S
and AI risks our 5x5 risk matrix was applied.

We acknowledge that available data and techniques to
perform this type of assessment are still maturing across
the industry. As a result, our assessment of the impacts
of climate-related risks involves a greater reliance on
assumptions than is typically required for more mature risk
types, where historical data is a better predictor of future
events. As data and assessment techniques improve over
time, we anticipate that our future CRMAs will incorporate
more advanced assessment techniques.

For information on our long-term and acute scenarios, see pages 150–151 and 152–153, respectively.

Strategic risks
Financial risks

3

9

10

4

5

6

7

Artificial
intelligence risk

1

2

3

8

9

10

4

5

6

7

Capital adequacy risk

1

3

5

6

10

Non-retail credit risk

1

2

3

4

5

Retail credit risk

1

2

3

Market risk (traded
and non-traded)

1

3

5

Liquidity risk

1

3

5

6

10

Conduct risk

1

2

3

5

8

Regulatory and
licencing risk

3

Financial crime
compliance

3

8

9

Privacy risk

3

Legal risk

3

6

Business
disruption risk

1

2

3

4

10

1

2

3

4

7

8

1

2

3

4

5

6

9

10

People risk

1

2

Model risk

1

2

3

5

Data management
risk

1

2

3

8

Accounting and
taxation risk

3

Fraud and scams risk

3

5

8

9

Cyber security risk

1

2

3

6

10

Transaction
processing risk

1

2

3

8

9

Technology risk

N/A

Medium

Long

Short

Medium

Net zero 2050

Long

Short

Medium

Long

6

9

10

Third-parties risk

Risk ratings:

Short

Delayed transition

Low risk

Moderate risk
1 Acute physical

Medium risk
2 Chronic physical

7 Resource efficiency and energy source

High risk

Very high risk

3 Policy and legal

4 Technology

8 Products and services

5 Market

6 Reputation

9 Market opportunities

10 Resilience

To read about the climate scenarios we used and the inputs, uncertainty and limitations of climate scenario analysis, see pages 406–414 in the
Climate disclosures appendix.
1 This assessment is informed by scenario analysis, which considers hypothetical future events with highly uncertain outcomes. It does not represent a forecast of
future events. Scenario analysis has inherent limitations due to the number of judgements, assumptions and estimations used. While best efforts have been made
to use reasonable estimates and provide readers with the assumptions in our calculations, a high degree of uncertainty remains in the results of our analysis.
This assessment also considered the frameworks, processes and control environment currently in place without any material changes to the business model or
strategies in response to the future risk drivers captured in these scenarios.
2 The environmental strategic risk type (sub-risk of E&S strategic risk type) is defined as the risk that setting and executing the Bank’s environmental strategy,
policy and program does not adequately: consider and address the impacts that our business activities may have on the climate and natural environment; or how
the changing climate or natural environment may impact our franchise value, business model or profitability.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Climate and environment drivers:

7

FINANCIAL REPORT

Risk appetite statement – Risk ratings were set based on the
expected position relative to the relevant Board approved RAS
thresholds. For example, a financial impact resulting in the Bank
being outside risk appetite would be rated as ‘very high risk’.

Each risk was assessed based on its impact to the Bank
in the time horizon in which the relevant scenario occurs,
rather than cumulative impacts over all time horizons. When
assessing impacts for future time horizons under these
scenarios, no additional material changes to the business
model or control environment were assumed beyond those
already in place. For example, while a potential strategic shift
could mitigate some risks in the future, such changes were
not factored into the future risk ratings.

2

8

Current policies

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

• Long term (~30 years) to align with the Bank’s home loan
portfolio where home loans can be contractually agreed
to for up to 30 years.

For example, a medium risk rating could arise from an event
expected to occur once every 10 years, with a significant
financial impact of $25 million to $100 million. Alternatively,
a medium risk rating could also arise from multiple events
expected to occur in the next year, but with a minor impact
of $1 million to $5 million.

1

E&S risk 2

Effect on risk
type’s current
risk rating

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

The anticipated effects on the Bank under these scenarios
were considered across four time horizons:

• Impacts uses a combination of qualitative factors and
financial measures. Qualitative factors consider impacts
on customers, our operations and people, shareholders,
communities, and regulatory and legal. The quantitative
financial impacts range from negligible ≤$1 million; minor
>$1 million; major >$5 million; significant >$25 million; or
critical >$100 million.

Material risk type

Compliance risks

• The acute event scenarios enabled us to assess the ability
of the Bank to withstand severe, yet plausible, events that
could occur in any given year under these futures.

• Expected frequency ranges from ‘1 event every 10 years’
to ‘Multiple events in the next year’; and

Climate and
environment drivers

SUSTAINABILITY

• The long-term scenarios provided a perspective on
impact trends that climate change could have over time on
the broader economy, certain industry sectors and the Bank.

5x5 risk matrix – Our risk matrix, updated in 2025,
considers the impact and expected frequency of a risk
eventuating, resulting in risks being rated as either low,
moderate, medium, high or very high risk. Impact and
frequency are assessed using the following:

Anticipated effects under these scenarios 1

CREATING VALUE

The CRMA assesses how current and anticipated
climate-related risks and opportunities arising from each
of the futures outlined in our long-term scenarios, may
impact the Bank’s material risk types, strategy, business
model and value chain across the current, short, medium
and long term. The assessment of impacts to our material
non-financial and strategic risk types was performed through
workshops with senior management and risk type owners,
including ASB. The assessment of financial risk impacts
incorporated outcomes from both the long-term and acute
scenarios performed this year:

The CRMA indicates that our business model and strategy is expected to remain resilient under all three long-term scenarios,
reinforcing the Bank’s commitment to supporting Australia’s transition to net zero by 2050 and building climate resilience.
In some years, due to extreme weather events, the Bank may experience moderate increases in credit losses or be exposed
to some high-rated strategic and non-financial risks. However, the Bank’s business model and strategy are not expected to
require material changes as a result of long-term changes in weather patterns or transition-related factors.

OVERVIEW

The CRMA describes the current and anticipated effects of climate-related risks and
opportunities on the resilience of the Bank’s strategy, business model and value chain.

Results of our climate risk materiality assessment process

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Our climate risk materiality
assessment approach

Operational risks

154

156

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

157
COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Understanding our results
Net zero 2050 scenario
Current policies scenario

Conduct risks may progressively heighten due to decisions
the Bank may need to make in relation to lending practices in
high physical risk zones that could be perceived to be unfair
to certain groups of customers.

The Bank may need to manage through uncertainty arising
from industry, government and regulatory responses
to possible challenges such as declining levels of home
insurance and continued construction in high physical risk
zones. The Bank may also be called on to provide greater
support to business and institutional customers seeking

The increased frequency of more severe weather events
could also lead to growing expectations in relation to
the Bank’s approach to identification and assessment
of physical risks, which may require the Bank to develop
new data, climate modelling capabilities, products and/or
services for customers. Severe weather events could also
impact the Bank’s operations, the operations of third parties
or the electricity grid, leading to an extended disruption of
our operations.

Risk and opportunity drivers
The table below sets out some examples of climate-related risk and opportunity drivers and how they may change based on
the three long-term scenarios we used in the CRMA process.
Scenarios
Risk drivers

Examples

1

Acute physical

• Severity of extreme weather events
• Degradation of natural protective systems
that exacerbates climate-related impacts

Increasing

Increasing, level off from
~2040

Increasing, level off from
~2030

2

Chronic physical

• Changes in precipitation and weather
patterns, sea-level rise
• Sustained degradation of natural capital
that exacerbates climate-related impacts

Increasing

Increasing, level off from
~2040

Increasing, level off from
~2030

3

Policy and legal

• Tighter regulation, increased reporting
obligations and exposure to litigation

Largely unchanged

Unchanged, then fast
change from 2030

Immediate change, then
smooth

4

Technology

• Costs and risks to transition to lower
emission technologies

Slow change

Slow, then fast uptake
from 2030

Immediate fast uptake,
then smooth

5

Market

• Changing customer behaviours
• Uncertainty in market signals
• Volatility or increased cost of raw materials

Slow change

Slow, then rapid shift from
2030

Immediate shift, then
smooth

6

Reputation

• Stigmatisation of certain sectors
or activities

Largely unchanged

Slow, then rapid shift from
2030

Immediate shift, then
smooth

Increasing, economics
drive adoption even with
limited policy support

Increasing, then fast
change from 2030

Immediate change

• New products for climate adaptation
and insurance risk solutions

Increasing, physical
risk intensifies
increasing demand

Slow change, then fast
uptake from 2030

Slow change

• Expansion of products for
climate mitigation

Largely unchanged

Unchanged, then fast
change from 2030
with fossil fuel decline
and rapid renewables
expansion

Immediate change to
achieve 80% renewables
by 2050

Unchanged, then fast
change from 2030. Rapid
expansion of new markets
after 2030 as policies
create new opportunities

Immediate change,
expansion of new markets
for low-carbon solutions
across all sectors

Increasing, responding to
physical and transition risk

Increasing, responding to
transition risk

Delayed transition scenario
Under this scenario, the Bank’s business model and strategy
is expected to remain resilient.
The long-term macroeconomic scenario analysis we
performed this year indicates the business model of the
Bank and our long-term operating profit margins will not
be materially impacted under this scenario. Our exposure to
fossil fuel extraction continues to remain low at 0.1% of TCE.
A decline in revenue from these sectors under this future is
not expected to result in a material financial impact to the
Bank. However, rapidly introduced and possibly unpredictable
new regulation around carbon and energy in the medium
term, along with shifts in market sentiment, may require the
Bank to adjust its climate strategy, policy settings and/or
goals and targets. This elevates our E&S strategic risk and
legal risk exposure under this scenario.

The pace and possible challenges of regulatory change
applicable to the Bank, our customers and third parties after
2030 elevates the inherent risk of regulatory non-compliance
and legal risks for the Bank in the medium term and long
term under this scenario. The Bank could also engage with
third parties who fail to meet changing standards, potentially
resulting in operational, reputational or litigation issues.
Conduct risk is elevated as the need to rapidly deploy new
sustainable finance products increases the risk of potentially
misleading product design, distribution and disclosures.
Although the viability of some high-emitting businesses is
threatened under this scenario, due to our low exposure to
these sectors, only moderate-rated transition-driven credit
losses are anticipated. This scenario would also increase the
need for greater skills and sophistication in how we identify,
assess and disclose climate-related risk information.

Opportunity drivers

7

8

• More efficient buildings
Resource efficiency
• EV fleet transition
and energy source
• Use of lower emission sources of energy

Products and
services

9

Markets

• New markets and partnerships

Largely unchanged,
limited growth in green
markets without strong
policy drivers

10

Resilience planning

• Resource or supply chain substitution/
diversification

Increasing, responding
to physical risk

Slow change to fast change

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Net zero 2050

FINANCIAL REPORT

Delayed transition

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Current policies

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Over the medium and long term, this scenario sees increasing
impacts of climate change, however our macroeconomic
analysis performed this year indicates the long-term
profitability and business model of the Bank continues to be
resilient. The Bank’s Scope 3 emissions goals and targets
for financed and operational emissions, could also be more
difficult to achieve due to the reliance on government policies
to support grid decarbonisation, and a lack of industry
investment in new lower emissions technologies.

The increased frequency and severity of weather events
under this scenario could impact the ability of households to
repay their loans, particularly if availability and affordability of
insurance declines, and asset values are impacted in high-risk
areas. Our acute stress test of a series of cyclones over
South-East QLD indicates that higher severity, but less likely
physical climate events, could produce estimated losses of up
to $1 billion for the Bank in any given year. These losses are
assessed as medium risk to the Bank as they would not result
in a breach of capital or liquidity risk appetites and the Bank
is well provisioned for this degree of loss.

SUSTAINABILITY

The current and short-term effects of climate change
on our risk profile are largely consistent with each
other. Medium-rated strategic risks are driven by
potential increased expectations to provide support
to customers experiencing escalating levels of climate
physical impacts, and decreasing energy affordability
and security. Legal risk remains medium rated due to
potential for misunderstandings of how divergent climate
laws, regulations and contractual obligations apply in the
different locations in which the Bank operates.

CREATING VALUE

to adapt their business models to the physical climate
changes seen in this scenario.

expectations under this scenario leads to medium levels of E&S
strategic, conduct, regulatory and legal risks. A moderate risk
of credit losses is assessed under this scenario, arising from
industries more exposed to transition risk and the communities
dependent upon those industries. This scenario could rapidly
increase the demand for skills, data and modelling capabilities
required to assess and disclose climate transition risks, and
develop new decarbonisation and climate mitigation-related
products across industries and customer segments.

OVERVIEW

Under this scenario, the Bank’s business model and strategy
is expected to remain resilient.

Under this scenario, transition risks are experienced from the
short term as policy changes are introduced immediately.
This allows the economy to transition away from emissionsintensive industries more gradually over a longer timeframe.
The macroeconomic analysis we performed this year indicates
long-term profitability would not be materially impacted
and the Bank’s business model and strategy is expected to
remain resilient. There are no high-rated risks for the Bank
under this scenario. Heightened regulator and stakeholder

158

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Current year impact on our financial statements

Anticipated impacts on our financial statements

The Bank is well placed to identify and pursue available opportunities arising from Australia’s transition to net zero by 2050.
For example, the development of sustainable finance products, tools and services to support customers to transition and
adapt to the impacts of climate change.

For further details on our credit risk, see Note 9.2 on page 311 in the Financial report.

In May 2024, we launched the climate stress index (CSI)
tool for our bankers, developed in collaboration with
CSIRO. The CSI tool forecasts climate stress through to
2030 by postcode, based on key agri-climatic productivity
variables across grain, livestock and dairy sectors. It
provides a composite score for each postcode-commodity
combination indicating whether climate stress is expected
to decrease, remain stable, or increase moderately or at
a high rate. The tool enhances our understanding of the
degree, nature and location of chronic climate risks to our
lending securities. Currently, 19% of the Bank’s relevant
agricultural exposures are secured by properties located
in postcodes with forecasted increasing rates of climate

stress. The tool enables our bankers to have conversations
with customers on their long-term climate adaptation plans
relevant for credit risk assessment. CSI insights are also
used for portfolio monitoring in livestock, grain and dairy
commodities, helping us track exposure trends and inform
strategic planning. Insights from the tool can be shared with
customers through a Climate Insight Report, tailored to their
region and commodities, to help them consider the data and
plan for future climate-related resilience. We will retire our
productivity mapping tool given the launch of the CSI which
provides a forward view of climate risk. We will continue to
assess tools and capabilities for our agriculture customers’
climate risk assessments.

Supplier risk governance tool

Of these suppliers, all reported they had no regulatory environmental breaches over the past three years.

76%

61%

80%

have documented
environmental
commitments and/
or policies in place

are working to
reduce their negative
environmental impacts,
for example, climate
and nature impacts

set and monitor
reduction targets
for GHGs

are either using or
purchasing the equivalent
renewable electricity to
cover a portion of their
electricity needs

FINANCIAL REPORT

83%

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Based on the 71 suppliers assessed in 2025, we have been able to gain the following insights:

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

In June 2023 we introduced the environmental risk assessment in the supplier risk governance (SRG) tool. As part of CBA’s
annual review, industry environmental risk ratings are updated to support the inherent environmental risk assessment of our
suppliers. For suppliers in industries with high risk ratings, assessments are undertaken when onboarding for new services,
or variation or renewal of an existing service, and form part of supplier risk screening before contracts are executed. In 2024,
in addition to the assessments that were completed when onboarding suppliers in high-risk industries, we triggered the
environmental risk assessment for our leasing agents and landlords, and our top 100 suppliers by spend. As a result, the
number of suppliers assessed decreased from last year and now totals 71.

SUSTAINABILITY

While climate change presents challenges to the Australian economy and our communities, our core business remains
resilient. A relatively small proportion of the Group’s TCE is currently exposed to high or very high physical or transition risk.
Our customers have historically demonstrated strong repayment performance and we have established support mechanisms
to assist them in times of financial stress, including those potentially arising from climate-related events. Although severe
climate-related events could result in an increase in single year credit losses, these losses are assessed as a medium risk to the
Bank as they would not result in a breach of our current capital, liquidity or profitability RAS indicators. This reflects our strong
provisioning levels and capital position.

Climate stress index for agriculture

CREATING VALUE

In some years, the Bank may experience increases in credit losses due to extreme weather events, however the scenario
results indicate that financial impacts to the Bank from climate-related impacts are not expected to be material. This reflects
the nature of our operations, the sectors in which we operate, and our existing risk management frameworks and portfolio
diversification, which together provide a degree of resilience against potential climate-related impacts.

Other climate-related risk
assessment tools

OVERVIEW

The Bank monitors its financial performance, financial position and cashflow on an ongoing basis through its governance
structure. Climate-related effects can be widespread and interrelated, and may influence our operations, strategy and financial
outcomes over the short, medium and long term. As per the result of our CRMA, no climate-related risks or opportunities were
noted this year that have had a material impact on the Bank’s financial performance, financial position or cash flows.

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Current and anticipated impacts on our financial statements

159

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

160

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

161
COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

12

renewable energy exposure 1

14,000+

71

suppliers engaged through
supplier risk governance tool

out of 800 business bankers completed
the ‘Future focused banking’ program
with the Australian Graduate School
of Management

72%

42%

1

reduction in embodied carbon through
Bankwest Place refurbishment

Group TCE as at 30 June 2025. Renewable energy exposure includes pure-play renewables companies and diversified power generation customers where
at least 90% of electricity generated is from renewable sources. We assess changes to customer classification using a rolling three-year generation average.
Excludes ASB.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

reduction in Group Scope 1 and 2
operational emissions since 2020

FINANCIAL REPORT

introduced to help support
our retail customers with EV
and charger discounts

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

150+

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

New platform

SUSTAINABILITY

out of 15 sector-level financed
emissions goals and targets tracking
below the reference scenario

ESG risk assessments completed

Our targets, goals and progress
related to our climate strategy,
including other environmental
metrics, data and reporting.

$7.9bn

CREATING VALUE

Metrics and
targets

OVERVIEW

We continue to track progress against
our climate strategy.

162

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

163

Key:

Status

Progress

Achieved

Commenced

Below the reference scenario

New

The table below outlines our progress for the 2025 financial year
against our goals and targets.
Metric

No drawn lending

Progress
FY23 PCAF Score FY24 PCAF Score
Scope 1 & 2
Scope 1 & 2
(Scope 3) 1
(Scope 3) 1

Status

Further
information
see page(s)

Goal or target

FY23

FY24

FY25

kgCO2-e/m2

FY30: 15.7

35.1

35.0

–

4.3

4.2

Office

kgCO2-e/m2

FY30: 31.8

N/A

58.1

–

N/A

4.9

Retail

kgCO2-e/m2

FY30: 30.6

N/A

48.6

–

N/A

5.0

Industrial

kgCO2-e/m2

FY30: 18.2

N/A

30.8

–

N/A

5.0

Australian road transport (passenger
and light commercial vehicle finance)

gCO2 /vehicle km

FY30: 174

245

234

–

3.9

3.8

120

Aviation

gCO2 /revenue passenger km

FY30: 76

103

93

–

3.2

3.9

121

Steel

tCO2-e/t-steel

FY30: 1.35

–

N/A

N/A

Alumina

tCO2-e/t-aluminium

FY30: 0.63

–

2.0

2.0

Aluminium

tCO2-e/t-aluminium

FY30: 5.26

–

2.0

2.0

Cement

tCO2-e/t-cement

FY30: 0.55

–

2.0

2.0

2.0

2.1

124–125

2.4 (2.6)

2.0 (2.1)

126–127

Sector-level financed emissions goals
Australian housing

116–117

2

118–119

122–123

Power generation

kgCO2 /MWh

FY30: 105

124

91

–

Upstream oil extraction

% reduction vs FY20 baseline

FY30: -27%

-92%

-96%

–

Upstream gas extraction

% reduction vs FY20 baseline

FY30: -17%

-88%

-91%

–

Thermal coal mining

% reduction vs FY20 baseline

FY30: -100%

>-99%

>-99%

–

1.1 (3.0)

2.2 (3.5)

128

Shipping

% reduction vs FY23 baseline

FY30: -9%

0%

-49%

–

3.5

3.8

129

customer Scope 1 and 2 emissions kgCO2-e/$lent

Average decrease over time

0.07

0.07

–

–

–

–

Other financed emissions metrics
Business lending emissions intensity 3

Scope 1 and 2 operational emissions

% reduction vs FY20 baseline (tCO2-e)

FY25: -21% FY30: -42%

-68%

-64%

-72%

–

–

130–132

Scope 3 operational emissions

% reduction vs FY20 baseline 4 (tCO2-e)

FY25: -16.3% FY30: -32.7% 5

-69% 6

-29% 6

-36%

–

–

130–132

99.6%
(Group)

98.9%
(Group) 7

–

–

169

% of global operations

FY30: 100%

On-site renewable energy 8

MW

FY20: 1.25 FY25: 2

1.74

1.60

2.14

–

–

169

Pending
certification
in arrears

–

–

132

% of global operations within our
currently reported boundary

FY22: 100%

100%
(Group)

Pending
certification
in arrears

Sustainability funding target

cumulative $ billion vs FY20

FY30

44.7

54.2

64.4

–

–

172

Renewable energy 10

TCE $ billion

4.8

6.3

7.9

–

–

161

Climate Active/Toitū Envirocare
certification for our residual emissions 9

Sustainable finance

2 Prior period has not been restated due to data limitations for Australian
commercial real estate.
3 Business lending emissions intensity includes commercial real estate.
4 Business travel emissions baseline adjusted to FY19 values to normalise for the
impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. In 2024 Scope 3 operational emissions

baseline was updated to reflect material business structure changes. This year
we updated our baseline due to incorrect baseline for ASB air travel emissions
used in 2024 reporting.
5 In 2024 we increased our Scope 3 operational emissions target to a 16.3%
reduction by 2025. This aligns with a pathway to limit global warming to
1.5°C for all selected Scope 3 operational emissions categories, except for
air travel which remains aligned to a well-below 2°C pathway. In preparation
for new mandatory climate reporting requirements in 2026, we will reassess
our Scope 3 operational emissions target to support us in more accurately
quantifying our Scope 3 emissions.

6 FY23 and FY24 percentages have not been restated and are not comparable.
7 Pending acquittal of RECs and RE100 certification in arrears from all
jurisdictions except for ASB in New Zealand where 100% renewable
electricity is purchased through its electricity supplier. ASB were unable to
purchase RECs for electricity consumed by offsite ATMs due to data and
metering limitations, for electricity in branches that are directly paid by our
landlords, and for offsite EV charging.

9 Our certifications, including details on our boundary inclusions for Scope 1,
2 and selected Scope 3 emissions, are available on the Climate Active and
Toitū Envirocare websites.
10 Renewable energy exposure includes pure-play renewables companies and
diversified power generation customers where at least 90% of electricity
generated is from renewable sources. We assess changes to customer
classification using a rolling three-year generation average. Excludes ASB.

8 Since installation began in 2015, we have installed a total capacity of
2.46 MW across 105 branches and business centres, and one data centre,
meeting our 2025 target.

For reporting boundaries, refer to page 391.

See more environmental performance information at commbank.com.au/reporting

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

1 Emissions metrics for power generation and transport include Scope 1
only. The PCAF scores presented in this table align to the scope of the
sector-level goal or target and therefore may differ from the financed
emissions PCAF scores on page 165. Refer to pages 392–399 for more
details on our methodology including sector inclusion criteria.

FINANCIAL REPORT

RE100 – renewable electricity

99.9%
(Group)

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Operational emissions

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Sector-level financed emissions targets

SUSTAINABILITY

Heavy industry

CREATING VALUE

Australian commercial property

OVERVIEW

Sector

Between ≥0% and ≤10% above the reference scenario

>10% above the reference scenario

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Progress summary

164

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

165

We measure and report our financed emissions aligned to the PCAF Standard.
In-scope lending exposures

Absolute emissions

30 Jun 23
PCAF Score
Scope 1 & 2
(Scope 3)

2.8

3.9

4.1

4.2

4.3

<0.1

0.1

0.1

0.1

4.0

4.0

6.8

0.8

<0.1

0.8

0.8

4.1

4.2

30 Jun 23
In-scope TCE
lending $bn 2,3,4

30 Jun 24
Scope 1
(MtCO 2 -e) 5

30 Jun 24
Scope 2
(MtCO 2 -e) 5,6

Australian housing

574.8

558.3

631.6

618.8

1.0

New Zealand housing

66.0

65.7

68.0

67.5

7.9

6.7

7.9

30 Jun 24
Scope 3
(MtCO 2 -e) 5,6

Housing

Motor vehicle finance
Australian motor vehicle finance 8
Commercial property
59.7

71.2

67.7

0.1

0.7

0.7

0.8

5.0

5.0

9.9

9.7

10.6

10.5

<0.1

<0.1

0.1

<0.1

4.2

4.2

Agriculture, forestry and fishing 10

28.3

25.7

32.0

29.4

5.1

0.5

5.6

5.2

4.8

4.9

Australian agriculture

16.3

13.9

18.5

16.1

1.9

1.9

1.7

5.0

5.0

New Zealand commercial property
Business lending
10,11

9.8

9.8

10.6

10.7

2.5

<0.1

2.6

2.7

4.7

4.7

1.7

1.9

4.1

4.4

0.2

0.1

0.4

0.7

1.3

3.2

3.5

Thermal coal mining 8

<0.1

<0.1

0.7

0.7

<0.1

<0.1

<0.1

<0.1

<0.1

2.2 (3.5)

1.1 (3.0)

8

0.3

0.4

0.7

1.0

<0.1

<0.1

0.4

0.4

0.5

2.0 (2.1)

2.4 (2.6)

Electricity, gas and water supply

7.2

6.8

11.0

9.5

0.8

<0.1

0.8

0.7

3.0

3.2

Upstream oil and gas extraction
Power generation

4.0

6.3

5.4

0.4

0.4

0.5

2.1

2.0

11.0

10.7

15.7

16.1

1.0

1.4

2.4

4.7

3.9

4.5

4.6

Heavy industry

0.4

0.3

0.8

0.8

0.4

0.2

2.4

3.0

2.4

2.0 (3.0)

2.0 (3.1)

Transport and storage

14.8

13.4

20.4

18.7

2.9

0.2

3.1

2.2

4.4

4.5

Aviation

3.6

1.7

4.5

2.3

2.2

0.1

2.2

1.0

4.0

3.2

Shipping

0.5

1.0

0.6

1.2

0.2

<0.1

0.2

0.4

4.4

3.5

Other business lending 12

76.5

69.6

102.3

95.5

1.3

0.7

2.0

1.7

4.7

4.8

Total in-scope portfolio assessed

860.5

828.2

974.8

944.9

13.3

6.5

22.6

20.8

4.3 (2.6)

4.4 (2.8)

Total in-scope portfolio not assessed

38.5

42.6

94.6

92.1

Total in-scope portfolio

899.0

870.8

1,069.4

1,037.0

2.8

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

4.7

Manufacturing

8,11

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

New Zealand agriculture
Mining

SUSTAINABILITY

62.4
7

Australian commercial property 9

CREATING VALUE

30 Jun 24
PCAF Score
Scope 1 & 2
(Scope 3)

30 Jun 24
In-scope TCE
lending $bn 2,3,4

OVERVIEW

30 Jun 23
Total
(MtCO2 -e) 5

30 Jun 23
In-scope drawn
lending $bn 2,3

Sector 1

Data quality

30 Jun 24
Total
(MtCO2 -e) 5

30 Jun 24
In-scope drawn
lending $bn 2,3

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Financed emissions

FINANCIAL REPORT

For information on scoping and inclusion criteria refer to the financed emissions sector methodology table on pages 392–399.

7

2

In-scope portfolio excludes exposures in the finance and insurance, and government administration and defence ANZSICs. Portfolios not assessed include
consumer finance (excluding Australian motor vehicle finance) and commercial property outside of Australia and New Zealand. Financed emissions are
calculated using in-scope drawn lending.

Where New Zealand sectors are disclosed separately they include our CBA New Zealand Branch and our subsidiary ASB. ASB is subject to a separate New
Zealand mandatory disclosure regime and expects to publish a standalone climate report later this year. As such equivalent numbers in ASB’s own disclosures
may change between the publication of CBA’s 2025 Annual Report and ASB’s 2025 disclosures.

8

3

For customers captured in sector-level financed emissions goal or target reporting, scope of sector is aligned to sector-level goal or target inclusion criteria.
For power generation, thermal coal mining, upstream oil and gas extraction and heavy industry if a customer is excluded based on the sector inclusion criteria
they are reallocated to the respective parent category. For all other customers, exposures are reported based on ANZSIC classification.

Absolute emissions for thermal coal mining, upstream oil and gas extraction, power generation and Australian motor vehicle finance are CO 2 only (or CO 2 -e
subject to data limitations).

9

This year we updated our Australian commercial property sector calculations following a material refresh of CBBS. The prior comparative period has not been
restated as the CBBS update does not provide the necessary information.

4

Due to data limitations TCE of lending may include certain commitments at offer.

5

In this table we present financed emissions rounded to one decimal place for ease of interpretation. These numbers may not cast due to rounding. In other
parts of this report other numbers are presented that are calculated using financed emissions data. In those instances, our underlying calculations rely on exact
financed emissions data. As such, recalculating those numbers using the financed emissions presented in this table may not lead to the same result.

6

‘Grey box’ indicates Scope 2 or 3 is not yet measured in our financed emissions calculations. We have estimated Scope 3 for thermal coal mining, upstream oil
and gas extraction, and heavy industry.

10 From this year we no longer use the customer activity-based emissions method for the Australian agriculture sector due to data limitations. The prior
comparative period has been restated to conform with this change.
11 Absolute emissions for Australian agriculture and power generation includes Scope 1 only, for more details on our methodology refer to pages 392–399.
12 ‘Other business lending’ includes all other in-scope business lending exposures not reflected elsewhere.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

1

166

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

167

Financed emissions portfolio analysis

Emissions changes

2.1

0.3

Assurance report

MtCO2-e

PwC has provided assurance on metrics on pages 167–172, for the year ended 30 June 2025.

Changes in estimated customer emissions have contributed
to a decrease from some sectors including mining, Australian
housing and Australian commercial property. This was
partially offset by increases in the manufacturing sector.
Changes in estimated emissions can include changes in our
customers’ reported emissions or reported activity, as well as
changes in estimated emissions as a result of updated activity
and economic emissions factors.

Reconciliation of Group total committed exposures to lending used for financed
emissions calculations
emissions over our in-scope assessed portfolio, covering
drawn lending of $860.5 billion. The in-scope drawn
lending portfolio assessed represents 62% of total TCE.

The in-scope TCE lending portfolio assessed excludes
exposures that are not assessed, which includes consumer
finance (excluding Australian motor vehicle finance) and
commercial property outside of Australia and New Zealand.

Operational greenhouse gas emissions

tCO 2 -e

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 23

30 Jun 22

30 Jun 21

Market-based reporting 1

67,780

83,850

78,187

47,621

48,570

– Scope 1 emissions

5,592

7,258

7,891

6,667

8,768

– Scope 2 emissions 2

125

33

12

0

1,812

– Selected Scope 3 emissions 1

62,063

76,559

70,284

40,954

37,990

Location-based reporting

152,109

Group

131,143

153,288

158,657

137,481

– Scope 1 emissions

5,592

7,258

7,891

6,667

8,768

– Scope 2 emissions

58,168

63,844

74,654

83,249

95,762

– Selected Scope 3 emissions

67,383

82,186

76,112

47,565

47,579

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 23

30 Jun 22

30 Jun 21

As at
30 Jun 24
$bn

Operational greenhouse gas emissions

Total committed exposure (TCE)

1,378.1

Market-based reporting 1

54,247

68,644

61,561

39,248

39,695

Sector and product exclusions 2

(308.7)

– Scope 1 emissions

4,415

5,195

5,165

4,613

6,095

In-scope TCE lending portfolio

1,069.4

– Scope 2 emissions 3

0

0

0

0

0

– Selected Scope 3 emissions 1

49,832

63,449

56,396

34,635

33,600

Location-based reporting

Portfolio not assessed

3

(94.6)

In-scope TCE lending portfolio assessed

974.8

Undrawn loan commitments not assessed

(114.3)

In-scope drawn lending portfolio assessed

860.5

tCO 2 -e

Australia

112,622

132,035

129,755

118,517

136,319

– Scope 1 emissions

4,415

5,195

5,165

4,613

6,095

– Scope 2 emissions

54,048

58,312

62,366

72,658

87,035

– Selected Scope 3 emissions

54,158

68,528

62,224

41,246

43,189

For more information on our financed emissions methodology and scoping, see pages 392–399.

FINANCIAL REPORT

Our financed emissions estimates are based on our drawn
lending only, in line with the PCAF Standard’s use of
outstanding amounts. Undrawn loan commitments are not
included. As at 30 June 2024, we have estimated financed

Greenhouse gas emissions by geography

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

In-scope drawn lending refers to the on-balance sheet
exposure to the sectors included within the scope of our
financed emissions calculations. Some asset classes and
sectors we lend to are currently excluded due to lack of
available data, methodologies and/or relevance. The inscope TCE lending portfolio excludes exposures to finance
and insurance, government administration and defence
ANZSICs, and non-lending products.

The PwC Assurance Report is provided on pages 430–437.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Changes to our portfolio can include changes in our
drawn lending exposure to new and existing customers,
as well as changes in existing customers’ enterprise value,
which result in changes to the share of these customers’
attributable emissions.

See a more complete set of metrics available for download at commbank.com.au/sustainabilityreporting

SUSTAINABILITY

Portfolio changes have contributed to an increase in
financed emissions. This was largely driven by portfolio
changes in the transport and storage, manufacturing, and
agriculture, forestry and fishing sectors. This was partly
offset by portfolio changes to the mining sector.

For methodology and definitions of metrics in this section, see the Climate disclosures appendix and Glossary on pages 389–429
and 438–451, respectively.

CREATING VALUE

Portfolio changes

We report our operational greenhouse gas emissions at the group level, as well as
breakdowns for key geographies. From 2024 we have reported India separately
from other overseas. We include both market-based and location-based reporting,
covering Scope 1, Scope 2 and selected Scope 3 emissions in metric tonnes of
CO2 equivalent (tCO2-e).

OVERVIEW

Our calculations cover 96% of our in-scope drawn lending exposure. Movements in the overall absolute financed emissions
and emissions intensity of our in-scope drawn lending portfolio are generally dependent on changes in our portfolio mix over time
and differences in emissions profiles at the sector or customer level. We estimate our 2024 absolute financed emissions for our
in-scope lending portfolio at 22.6 MtCO2-e, an increase of 9% (+1.8 MtCO2-e), compared to the restated 2023 absolute financed
emissions estimate (20.8 MtCO2-e). Most notable increases were observed in the transport and storage, and manufacturing
sectors. These movements were partly offset by reductions in estimated absolute emissions in the mining sector. Decarbonisation
of the grid, reflected in changes in grid intensity factors in our estimates, continued to contribute to emissions decreases in
Australian housing and Australian commercial property. 1

MtCO2-e

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Greenhouse gas emissions

Financed emissions continued

Use of carbon credits

1 ASB is subject to a separate New Zealand mandatory climate disclosure regime and expects to publish a standalone climate report later this year. Their targets
are not included in this calculation.

1 Scope 3 market-based reporting has been restated to exclude Category 8 (Upstream Leased Assets) electricity emissions regardless of CBA renewable
environmental attribute certificates purchased. Historical numbers have been restated.

2 In-scope portfolio excludes exposures in the finance and insurance, government administration and defence ANZSICs, and non-lending products.

2 Pending acquittal of energy attribute certificates for the reporting year. In FY23, ASB offsite ATMs were reclassified as Scope 2 and Renewable Energy
Certificates (RECs) could not be purchased due to metering limitations.

3 Portfolio not assessed includes consumer finance (excluding Australian motor vehicle finance) and commercial property outside of Australia.

3 Pending acquittal of energy attribute certificates for the reporting year.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

In line with the PCAF Standard, when we refer to our financed emissions this is absolute gross emissions where data allows.
We do not currently have plans to purchase carbon credits to achieve our sector-level financed emissions goals and targets.
However, we acknowledge that some of our customers may be subject to regulatory regimes that require them to use carbon
credits, while others may be voluntarily using credits to offset their emissions as part of their decarbonisation strategies.

168

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

169

Operational greenhouse gas emissions

tCO 2 -e

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 23

30 Jun 22

30 Jun 21

5,938

4,024

4,637

2,554

4,960

– Scope 1 emissions
– Scope 2 emissions

913

1,529

1,807

1,469

2,189

33

12

0

1,812

4,900

2,462

2,818

1,085

959

Location-based reporting

7,460

5,301

5,817

3,926

4,960

913

1,529

1,807

1,469

2,189

1,539

1,310

1,192

1,372

1,812

5,008

2,462

2,818

1,085

959

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 23

30 Jun 22

30 Jun 21

– Scope 1 emissions
– Scope 2 emissions

3

– Selected Scope 3 emissions

Operational greenhouse gas emissions

tCO 2 -e

Market-based reporting 5
– Scope 1 emissions

5,416

8,122

–

–

–

235

318

–

–

–

0

–

–

–

5,181

7,804

–

–

–

Location-based reporting

8,299

10,472

–

–

–

– Scope 1 emissions

235

318

–

–

–

– Scope 2 emissions

2,080

1,802

–

–

–

– Selected Scope 3 emissions

5,984

8,352

–

–

–

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 23

30 Jun 22

30 Jun 21

– Scope 2 emissions 6

Operational greenhouse gas emissions

tCO 2 -e

Other overseas 7

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 23

30 Jun 22

30 Jun 21

Australia

100

100

100

100

100

New Zealand 2

93

97

98

100

–

India 3

100

100

100

100

100

Other overseas

100

100

100

100

100

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 23

30 Jun 22

30 Jun 21

Total fuel consumption 1

49,916

69,793

66,110

67,624

75,572

– Diesel stationary

1,794

6,888

1,994

3,089

4,396

– Natural gas

1,221

1,345

2,104

2,396

2,534

– Transport

46,901

61,560

62,012

62,139

68,642

Electricity consumption – property 1 and fleet 4

311,292

329,739

332,563

344,268

399,800

Total renewable energy consumption 1

311,292

329,739

332,563

344,268

399,800

– Renewable electricity purchased 1

302,785

322,936

325,988

336,436

392,581

8,507

6,803

6,575

7,832

7,219

361,208

399,532

398,673

411,892

475,372

– Electricity generated from on-site solar panels ¹
Total energy consumption
(including electricity and fuel) 5

Waste, water and paper used in our Australian operations
We report on and track the waste, water and paper used in our head office buildings and branches. The below table also captures
TNFD core metrics related to waste from our commercial operations, including volume recycled (C3.2) and water use (A3.0).

11,989

5,819

3,915

– Scope 1 emissions

29

216

919

585

484

– Scope 2 emissions 6

0

0

0

0

0

– Selected Scope 3 emissions

2,150

2,844

11,070

5,234

3,431

Waste (Commercial and data centre operations) 6

Location-based reporting

2,763

5,480

23,085

15,038

10,830

Landfill 7

29

216

919

585

484

Recycled 7

501

2,420

11,096

9,219

6,915

Secure paper recycled

2,233

2,844

11,070

5,234

3,431

Total waste 1
Commercial
Data centres

– Scope 1 emissions
– Scope 2 emissions
– Selected Scope 3 emissions

Waste, water and paper – Australia

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 23

30 Jun 22

517

418

335

230

470

153

157

303

205

308

119

123

143

203

414

789

698

781

638

1,192

91,338

124,667

129,010

–

–

47,539

43,029

23,781

–

–

Retail 8

89,449

97,997

119,518

–

–

Total water 1

228,326

265,693

272,309

105,172

129,494

199

243

284

293

343

Water 7

Office paper usage
(retail and commercial operations) 1

2 Pending acquittal of energy attribute certificates for the reporting year. In FY23, ASB offsite ATMs were reclassified as Scope 2 and Renewable Energy
Certificates (RECs) could not be purchased due to metering limitations.
3 2023 and 2024 New Zealand Scope 2 Purchased electricity restated due to emission factor changes published in updated MfE guidance.

30 Jun 21

tonnes

kilolitres

tonnes

1 Limited assurance provided by PwC for the FY25 reporting period.
2 In FY23, ASB offsite ATMs were reclassified as Scope 2. Renewable Energy Certificates (RECs) could not be purchased due to metering limitations for Offsite
ATMs, Offsite EV charging, and branches where electricity is paid directly by the landlord.
3 Reported separately for the first time in FY24. India’s 100% renewable electricity procurement, since FY21, was reported under ‘Other overseas’.

4 Reported separately for first time in FY24. Prior period presentations included in ‘Other overseas’.

4 Includes energy from EV charging from FY24.

5 Scope 3 market-based reporting has been restated to exclude Category 8 (Upstream Leased Assets) electricity emissions regardless of CBA renewable
environmental attribute certificates purchases. Historical numbers have been restated.

5 Reasonable assurance provided by PwC for the FY25 reporting period.
6 Data centre waste reported for the first time in FY24. Prior period presentations have not been restated.

6 Pending acquittal of energy attribute certificates for the reporting year.

7 In FY25, invoiced amounts contributed to 89% of waste to landfill data, 98% of waste recycled data and 67% of water usage. The remainder is estimated based
on average tonnes of waste and kilolitres of water per m2 of net lettable area.

7 India was excluded and reported separately from FY24. PT Bank Commonwealth (PTBC) is included up to 30 April 2024, after which time our divestment of the
business was complete.

8 Retail water reported for the first time in FY25. Only FY24 and FY23 have been restated due to data availability.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

1 ASB is subject to a separate New Zealand mandatory climate disclosure regime and expects to publish a standalone climate report later this year. As such the
equivalent numbers in ASB’s own disclosures may change between the publication of CBA’s 2025 Annual Report and ASB’s 2025 disclosures.

30 Jun 25

FINANCIAL REPORT

3,060

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

2,179

Market-based reporting

gigajoules

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

0

– Selected Scope 3 emissions 5

30 Jun 25

Energy consumption – Australia

%

SUSTAINABILITY

India 4

Renewable electricity procurement 1

CREATING VALUE

125

– Selected Scope 3 emissions

2

We are committed to purchasing the equivalent of 100% renewable electricity for our operations by 2030. In 2024, we
achieved RE100 certification at 99.6% for the Group, with ASB metering limitations accounting for the remaining 0.4%.
Our Australian operations have sourced 100% renewable electricity since January 2020, extending to other overseas
operations in 2021 and ASB in New Zealand in 2022. We have also achieved our target of 2 MW of on-site solar capacity
across our Australian properties by 2025.

OVERVIEW

30 Jun 25

New Zealand 1
Market-based reporting

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Energy consumption and use of renewable electricity

Greenhouse gas emissions by geography continued

170

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

171
COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Greenhouse gas emissions by category

Group
tCO2 -e

New Zealand2

India3

Other overseas⁴

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 23

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 23

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 25

Stationary combustion

357

189

553

248

95

84

64

64

61

9

Mobile combustion emissions

3,951

3,164

3,991

4,062

787

1,423

1,732

–

–

–

Fugitive emissions

1,284

1,062

651

855

31

22

11

171

257

20

Total Scope 1 emissions

5,592

4,415

5,195

5,165

913

1,529

1,807

235

318

29

Emissions from purchased energy 5

58,168

54,048

58,312

62,366

1,539

1,310

1,192

2,080

1,802

501

Total Scope 1 and 2 emissions

63,760

58,463

63,507

67,531

2,452

2,839

2,999

2,315

2,120

530

Scope 1 emissions

Scope 2 emissions

Selected Scope 3 operational emissions – GHG Protocol category
969

1,264

1,290

81

89

105

4

4

12

Category 3 – Fuel and energy-related activities
not included in Scope 1 or Scope 2

6,839

5,166

6,214

6,903

770

81

132

819

563

84

Category 4 – Upstream Transportation
and Distribution

2,511

1,262

1,789

2,548

1,224

920

812

1

1

24

Category 5 – Waste generated in operations

1,697

1,551

1,529

1,206

112

143

107

5

7

29

Category 6 – Business travel

20,435

16,265

22,501

18,248

1,277

999

1,389

1,580

3,245

1,313

Category 7 – Employee commuting

24,623

19,730

23,379

21,073

1,544

230

273

2,976

3,599

373

Category 8 – Upstream leased assets

10,212

9,216

11,852

10,956

–

–

–

599

933

397

Total Scope 3 emissions (excluding SAF)

67,383

54,158

68,528

62,224

5,008

2,462

2,818

5,984

8,352

2,233

2 Refers to ASB operations in New Zealand. This includes operational emissions from ASB Bank Ltd and CBA New Zealand operational emissions for
corporate office related emissions.
3 Refers to CBA’s operations in India. Reported separately for the first time in FY24. Prior period presentations included in ‘Other overseas’.
4 Refers to CBA’s operations in Asia, Europe and North America. This excludes CBA operations in India which is reported separately from FY24.
5 Includes emissions from EV charging from FY24 for Australia and from FY25 for New Zealand.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

1 Includes CBA and Bankwest operations in Australia.

FINANCIAL REPORT

1,066

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Category 1 – Purchased goods and services

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

30 Jun 25

SUSTAINABILITY

30 Jun 25

CREATING VALUE

GHG emissions – location based

Australia¹

OVERVIEW

We set our organisational boundary and measure our operational emissions with reference to the GHG Protocol Corporate
Standard, accounting for the operations, facilities and subsidiaries owned or controlled by the Group and take an operational
control approach to establish our reporting boundary. We have extended this boundary to include selected Scope 3 emission
sources (Category 1-14) beyond our operational control that occur as part of the Group’s value chain activities and where
reliable data is available. We continue to focus on more accurately quantifying our Scope 3 emissions in line with new
mandatory climate reporting requirements that come into effect for the Bank in FY26.

172

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

173

Tracking towards our Sustainability Funding Target

Capital deployment

As at 30 June 2025, we have provided $64.4 billion in cumulative funding towards our Sustainability Funding Target (SFT)
of $70 billion by 2030. Given the recent release of the Australian Sustainable Finance Taxonomy and in light of reaching more
than 92% of our 2030 target this year, we will review our target and eligibility criteria next year. ASB separately tracks and
measures the funding they provide towards their SFT. Since 2022 ASB has provided a cumulative NZ $2.1 billion in funding
towards their target of NZ $6.5 billion by 2030.

Capital deployment relating to climate-related risks and opportunities may be categorised into the following:

ASB Sustainability Funding Target NZ$

Renewable energy
Green residential buildings
Low carbon commercial buildings
Sustainability-linked loans
Other

$70bn

Expenditure: Climate-related expenditure refers to capital or operational spending incurred in managing climate-related
risks or pursuing climate-related opportunities. This includes direct costs related to internal systems, infrastructure, tools or
processes that are focused on climate risk mitigation, adaptation or resilience. No material direct climate-related expenditure
was noted this year. Indirect costs include ongoing expenditure which would be incurred ordinarily, making it impractical to
allocate costs as specifically climate-related. These indirect costs include activities such as branch and office refurbishments
where we are actively incorporating sustainable practices through branch design and energy efficient retrofits; the ATM
refresh project which incorporates lower carbon, natural and renewable materials; and the resourcing costs associated with
ESG teams who work to deliver our climate strategy.

$6.5bn

Renewables
Access to essential services

3.3
13.7

For more information on our SFT, see page 172.

11.7

8.6
Progress

Target

Progress

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

0.1
0.1
0.1
0.4
0.1
0.4
0.9

27.1

$2.1bn

Target

Contribution to CBA SFT by asset class
Our SFT criteria set out how we assess and assign assets and transactions to the relevant asset class. The criteria, which are
shaped by evolving industry frameworks and market practices, have remained unchanged this year.
Of which: FY25
contributions 3

Energy efficient residential buildings

24.1

27.1

No new or incremental
funding included for FY25 4

Sustainability-linked loans

0.7

13.7

3.5

Low carbon commercial buildings

4.5

11.7

3.2

Renewable energy

2.9

8.6

2.3

0.2 5

1.5 5

Affordable and social housing
Other social assets

0.3
0.2

1.0

1.3

0.5

0.1

0.2

<0.1

Energy efficiency

0.0

0.2

No longer reported as standalone
asset class from 1 July 2023

Land and agriculture

0.0

<0.1

<0.1

33.5

64.4

10.2

Internal carbon price
The Bank does not currently apply or use an internal carbon price.

1 Reported as green property finance in CBA’s 2024 Climate Report.
2 Prior period contributions have not been restated for changes in methodology.
3 New and incremental financing since 1 July 2024 has been included in the scope of PwC’s limited assurance engagement, except for energy efficient residential
buildings, as no new or incremental contributions have been added in FY25.
4 As we consider the evolving market and sustainable finance initiatives, including the recent release of the Australian Sustainable Finance Taxonomy by ASFI,
we have continued to omit new and incremental funding of this asset class’ contribution towards our SFT and will revisit our criteria next year.
5 Prior to FY24, this was reported as a single asset class, ‘Social assets’.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Low carbon transport
Pollution and waste management

Total

FINANCIAL REPORT

New and incremental
financing since 1 July 2020 2

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

30 June 2020
balance of lending

Asset class ($bn)

SUSTAINABILITY

$64.4bn

Sustainability-linked loans
Green loans 1
Social loans
Green property loans 1
Social & affordable housing

CREATING VALUE

Investment: Climate-related investment refers to capital deployed through financial instruments or equity stakes in public
or private markets that relate to the Bank’s climate-related risks or opportunities and where climate considerations form
a material part of the investment rationale or potential outcomes. This year CBA invested $46 million in climate-related
investments.

For more information on our SFT criteria, see pages 416–418 in the Climate disclosures appendix.

CBA Sustainability Funding Target

Financing: Climate-related financing refers to the offering of lending products, credit facilities, or other financing solutions
that support customers in addressing their climate-related risks or pursuing their climate-related opportunities. Our SFT
monitors the level of cumulative funding within the scope of our SFT eligibility criteria.

OVERVIEW

Other climate-related data

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Sustainability Funding Target

175
174

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT
OVERVIEW

CREATING VALUE

Directors’
report

SUSTAINABILITY

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Page

176
Remuneration report

182
Auditor’s Independence Declaration

220

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Directors’ report

FINANCIAL REPORT

In this section

176

177

The Directors of the Commonwealth Bank of Australia present their report, together
with the Financial report of the Commonwealth Bank of Australia (CBA) and of the
Group, being CBA and its controlled entities, for the year ended 30 June 2025.

Assets and liabilities
Home loans increased $43 billion or 6%, reflecting our continued focus on retaining existing customers in a highly competitive
market as well as ongoing investment in our proprietary channel.
Business and corporate loans increased $22 billion or 8%, driven by growth in business banking reflecting diversified lending
across a number of industries as well as institutional and structured lending portfolios.

Debt issues increased $26 billion or 18% reflecting funding requirements for asset growth.

Principal activities
We serve more than 18 million customers with a focus on providing retail and commercial banking services predominantly
in Australia, and in New Zealand through our subsidiary ASB. Our products and services are provided through our divisions,
Retail Banking Services, Business Banking, Institutional Banking and Markets, and ASB New Zealand.

Total Group assets and liabilities ($m)

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

% change

Home loans

707,862

664,701

 6%

Consumer finance

17,087

16,762

 2%

288,359

266,025

 8%

Business and corporate loans

Operating and financial review

Total Group lending

1,013,308

947,488

 7%

340,491

306,588

 11%

1,353,799

1,254,076

 8%

Other assets (including held for sale)

Group profit

Deposits

936,648

881,621

 6%

Debt issues

170,509

144,530

 18%

1,131

4,228

 73%

The Group’s statutory net profit after tax for the financial year ended 30 June 2025 was $10,116 million, an increase of
$722 million or 8% on the prior year. Statutory net profit after tax from continuing operations for the financial year ended
30 June 2025 was $10,133 million, an increase of $652 million or 7% on the prior year. The increase was driven by a 5% growth
in total operating income and a 9% reduction in loan impairment expense, partly offset by a 5% increase in operating expenses.

The Group’s cash net profit after tax including discontinued operations for the year ended 30 June 2025 was $10,253 million,
an increase of $406 million or 4% on the prior year. Excluding discontinued operations, cash net profit after tax for the year
ended 30 June 2025 was $10,252 million, an increase of $416 million or 4% on the prior year. For further detail on the drivers
of cash net profit after tax, refer to the Financial performance section on pages 26–33.

Cash to statutory profit reconciliation

Net profit after tax – statutory basis

150,609

 11%

1,275,023

1,180,988

 8%

Further information and analysis of the financial performance of the Group for the financial year ended 30 June 2025 can be
found in the Financial performance section on pages 26–33 of this Annual Report. Details on our risk management processes,
material risks and approach to managing them, including a description of the material trends in our current operating context
and more information on our business strategies can be found in the Creating value for our stakeholders section (pages 14–67),
including the Managing our risks section (pages 58–67) and Delivering on our strategic priorities section (pages 16–25) of this
Annual Report.
Other than the information included in the operating and financial review and throughout this Annual Report by cross
reference, information on other likely developments, business strategies and prospects for future financial years of the
Group’s operations has not been included in this report as it would be likely to result in unreasonable prejudice to the Group.

Total including
discontinued operations

FY25

FY24

FY25

FY24

10,252

9,836

10,253

9,847

(172)

(372)

(190)

(470)

53

17

53

(17)

10,133

9,481

10,116

9,394

Non-cash items include:
• Gain/(loss) on acquisition, disposal, closure and demerger of businesses and associates (classified as discontinued
operations): Gains and losses on these transactions are inclusive of foreign exchange impacts, impairments, restructuring,
separation and transaction costs and cover both controlled businesses and associates classified as discontinued operations.

Litigation and regulatory matters
A number of litigation proceedings against the Group are continuing. The proceedings include the defence of seven class
actions. These include two separate shareholder class action proceedings (the appeal judgment was delivered in May 2025),
two class actions in relation to superannuation products, two class actions related to financial advice (one of which was
dismissed in May 2025, but has been appealed), as well as a class action commenced in New Zealand against ASB Bank
regarding disclosure of loan variations.
There are a range of ongoing matters where domestic or foreign regulators or other bodies are investigating whether CBA,
ASB Bank or another Group entity has breached laws or regulatory or other obligations. Where a breach has occurred, or
obligations have not been met, regulators or other bodies may impose, or apply to a Court for, fines and/or other sanctions, or
may require remediation. The subject matter of these investigations is wide-ranging, and include a number of historical issues,
which were notified to, or identified by, regulators or other bodies. The Group is also party to one enforceable undertaking
and one compliance program with a regulator and continues to receive various notices and requests for information from
its regulators, particularly in Australia and New Zealand, as part of both industry-wide and Group-specific reviews.
In addition to regulatory investigations, enforcement actions, fines and other financial penalties, there may also be financial
exposure to claims by customers, third parties and shareholders and this could include further class actions, customer
remediation or claims for compensation or other remedies. The outcomes and total costs associated with such matters,
and possible claims, individually or collectively, remain uncertain.
The Board continues to monitor significant proceedings and investigations. The Group also continues to engage with
its regulators and other bodies in relation to the matters under investigation and review.
For further information about some of the more significant litigation and regulatory matters referred to above, refer to Note 7.1 in the Financial
report on pages 289–292.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

• Hedging and IFRS volatility: Hedging and IFRS volatility represents timing differences between fair value movements
on qualifying economic hedges and the underlying exposure. To qualify as an economic hedge, the terms and/or risk profile
must match or be substantially the same as the underlying exposure.

Details of dividends paid and dividends determined are outlined in Note 8.4 in the Financial report on pages 301–302.

FINANCIAL REPORT

Hedging and IFRS volatility

166,735

Total liabilities

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Continuing operations

Loss on acquisition, disposal, closure and demerger
of businesses and associates (classified as discontinued operations)

Other liabilities

Dividends

Statutory net profit after tax includes the following non-cash items:

Net profit after tax – cash basis

Term funding from central banks

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Statutory net profit after tax complies with the requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), Australian Accounting
Standards and International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). Cash net profit after tax is management’s preferred
measure of the Group’s financial performance. It excludes items that are non-recurring in nature and are not considered
representative of the Group’s ongoing financial performance (non-cash items). We use the cash net profit after tax to
present a clear and consistent view of our financial performance from period to period.

Total assets

SUSTAINABILITY

The Operating and financial review section includes the information below as well as the information in the Overview section
on pages 2–13, Creating value for our stakeholders section on pages 14–67 and Financial performance section on pages 26–33.

CREATING VALUE

A review of the divisional operations and their results for the financial year ended 30 June 2025 can be found on pages 32–33.

As at

OVERVIEW

Deposits increased $55 billion or 6%, primarily driven by continued growth in savings and investment deposits reflecting
greater customer demand for higher yielding deposits.

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Directors’ report

178

179

Change in state of affairs

Directors and Directors’ meetings

On 5 March 2025, the Group announced that it had completed the sale of its remaining 4.4% shareholding in Vietnam
International Commercial Joint Stock Bank (VIB) via the Ho Chi Minh Stock Exchange.

The Board of the Commonwealth Bank of Australia met 12 times during the year ended 30 June 2025. In addition,
Directors attended Board strategy sessions and committee meetings during the year.

On 10 June 2025, the Group announced the completion of the sale of its remaining 5.45% shareholding in Bank of Hangzhou
Co., Ltd (HZB) to New China Life Insurance Co., Ltd (NCI), a Beijing headquartered life insurance company dual listed on the
Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.

The following table includes:

For further details, refer to Note 1.1 and Note 11.3 in the Financial report on pages 229 and 359, respectively.

Events subsequent to reporting date

• names of the Directors holding office at any time during, or since the end of, the financial year; and
• the number of scheduled and additional Board and Board Committee meetings held during the financial year for which
each Director was a member of the Board or relevant Board Committee and eligible to attend, and the number of meetings
attended by each Director.
All Directors may attend Board Committee meetings (with the exception of the Nominations Committee) even if they are
not a member of the relevant Committee. The table below excludes the attendance of those Directors who attended meetings
of Board Committees of which they are not a member.

On 13 August 2025, CBA announced a 12-month extension of the on-market share buy-back of up to $1 billion of CBA
ordinary shares originally announced on 9 August 2023 (of which $282 million was completed during the year ended
30 June 2024 and $18 million was completed during the year ended 30 June 2025). The Bank reserves the right to vary,
suspend or terminate the buy-back at any time.

Scheduled 1

Scheduled 1 Additional 1,2

Scheduled 1 Additional 1,2

Scheduled 1 Additional 1,2

Scheduled 1 Additional 1,2

Matt Comyn

10/10

2/2

10/10

2/2

3/3

–

10/10

2/2

6/6

Peter Harmer 5

10/10

2/2

6/6

Kate Howitt

8/8

1/1

Simon Moutter

10/10

Mary Padbury
Anne
TemplemanJones 7

Lyn Cobley 3
4

6/6

6/6

2/2

7/7

2/2

6/6

4/4

1/1

7/7

2/2

1/1

2/2

2/2

1/1

7/7

2/2

2/2

1/1

2/2

1/1

2/2

1/1

1/1

4/4

1/1

2/2

6/6

2/2

7/7

2/2

10/10

2/2

6/6

2/2

3/3

2/2

2/2

3/3

1/1

Rob Whitfield AM 10/10

2/2

6/6

7/7

2/2

6/6

3/3

3/3

6/6

3/3

2/2

1/1

6/6

3/3

2/2

1/1

1

Number of meetings attended by the member/total number of meetings eligible to attend as a member.

2

Additional Board and Committee meetings were called for a special purpose that do not form part of the approved yearly planners.

3

Lyn Cobley was appointed as a member of the People & Remuneration Committee on 16 October 2024.

4

Alistair Currie was appointed as a Director on 31 March 2025.

5

Peter Harmer was appointed as Chair of the Audit Committee on 16 October 2024. Peter was also appointed as a member of the Risk & Compliance
Committee effective 16 October 2024 and retired as a member of the People & Remuneration Committee on 16 October 2024.

6

Kate Howitt was appointed as a Director on 1 October 2024.

7

Anne Templeman-Jones retired effective 16 October 2024.

FINANCIAL REPORT

Details of current Directors, their experience, qualifications, directorships of other listed entities and any special responsibilities (including Board
Committee memberships) and other external appointments, are set out in the Our approach to corporate governance section on pages 34–57.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

2/2

6

6/6

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

For further detail on our disclosures, refer to our Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement at commbank.com.au/sustainabilityreporting

Scheduled 1 Additional 1,2

2/2

Julie Galbo

We published our 2024 Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement (Statement) in December 2024. The Statement
outlines the actions taken by CBA Group to assess and address modern slavery and human trafficking risks in our business
operations and supply chain, over the financial year ended 30 June 2024. This Statement was prepared in response to the
reporting requirements of both the Modern Slavery Act 2018 (Cth) and the Modern Slavery Act 2015 (UK). We remain focused
on this critical issue and will continue to report in line with the Modern Slavery Act requirements.

Concurrent
Committee

10/10

We are subject to the Federal Government’s National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting (NGER) scheme. The scheme makes
it mandatory for controlling corporations to report annually on greenhouse gas emissions, energy production and energy
consumption, if they exceed certain threshold levels. Our NGER submission is independently audited and submitted before
the deadline to ensure that the Group meets the NGER requirements.

Modern slavery reporting

Nominations
Committee

Paul O’Malley

Alistair Currie

For more information on our voluntary environmental reporting, see the Climate disclosures section on pages 100–173 and our Social and
governance performance metrics section on pages 94–99.

Risk & Compliance
Committee

Director

Environmental reporting

We do not believe that we are subject to any other significant environmental reporting regulations under the law of the
Commonwealth or of a State or Territory of Australia.

People &
Remuneration
Committee

SUSTAINABILITY

The Directors are not aware of any other matter or circumstance that has occurred since 30 June 2025, that has significantly
affected or may significantly affect the operations of the Group, the results of those operations or the state of affairs of the
Group in subsequent financial years.

Attended/held

Board

Audit
Committee

CREATING VALUE

The Directors have determined a fully franked final dividend of 260 cents per share amounting to $4,351 million. CBA expects
the Dividend Reinvestment Plan for the final dividend for the year ended 30 June 2025 will be satisfied in full by an on-market
purchase of shares of approximately $790 million.

OVERVIEW

Changes to the Board are outlined in the Our approach to corporate governance section on pages 34–57.

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Directors’ report (continued)

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

180

181

Options and share rights outstanding

Company secretaries

There are no options over CBA shares on issue as at the date of this report. As at the date of this report, there are
1,094,393 share rights outstanding in relation to CBA ordinary shares and no employee options. Holders of outstanding
share rights in relation to CBA’s ordinary shares do not have any rights under the share rights to participate in any share
issue or interest of CBA.

Karen O’Flynn was appointed Company Secretary of CBA on 1 September 2023. Karen is also Group General Counsel
and Group Executive, Legal & Group Secretariat and her experience is set out on page 56.
Qualifications: BA, LLB.

A number of Directors have given written notices stating that they hold office in specified companies and accordingly are
to be regarded as having an interest in any contract or proposed contract that may be made between the Group and any
of those companies.

Constitution
The Constitution of the Commonwealth Bank of Australia (Constitution) requires CBA to indemnify current and former
Directors, Company Secretaries and other executive officers (as defined in the Constitution) of CBA.

CBA must indemnify each Officer on a full indemnity basis and to the full extent permitted by law against all losses, liabilities,
costs, charges and expenses incurred by the Officer as an officer of CBA or of a related body corporate.

Deeds of indemnity

For eligible personnel that do not have an individual deed of indemnity, CBA has also executed an indemnity deed poll, under
which it must indemnify current and former directors, officers, company secretaries and certain other employees of the
Group, on substantially the same terms as the indemnity provided in the Constitution and the individual deeds. An individual
is required to provide written confirmation of their acceptance of the terms of the indemnity deed poll prior to being able
to rely on the rights and benefits under the deed poll.

Insurance

Proceedings on behalf of CBA
No application has been made under section 237 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) in respect of CBA, and there are
no proceedings that a person has brought or intervened in on behalf of CBA under that section.

Commonwealth Bank is an entity to which ASIC Corporations Instrument 2016/191 (Instrument) dated 24 March 2016,
relating to the rounding of amounts in Directors’ reports and Financial reports, applies. Pursuant to this Instrument,
amounts in this Directors’ report and the accompanying financial report have been rounded to the nearest million dollars,
unless indicated otherwise.

FINANCIAL REPORT

Rounding and presentation of amounts

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CBA has, during the financial year, paid an insurance premium in respect of a directors’ and officers’ liability and company
reimbursement insurance policy (Policy) for the benefit of CBA and persons defined in the Policy who include directors,
company secretaries, officers and certain employees of the Group. The Policy prohibits disclosure of any further details
about its terms, including the nature of the liability indemnified and the amount of the premium.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

An individual deed of indemnity, on substantially the same terms as the indemnity provided in the Constitution, has been
entered into with each Director and Company Secretary of CBA and certain current and former directors, officers, company
secretaries and other employees of the Group.

SUSTAINABILITY

The indemnity also extends to such other officers or former officers of the Group, as the Board in each case determines
(each, including the Directors, Company Secretaries and executive officers of CBA, is defined as an ‘Officer’ for the purpose
of this section).

CREATING VALUE

Directors’ and officers’ indemnity and insurance

Wendy Lee was appointed Company Secretary of CBA on 10 April 2025. Wendy has over 20 years of experience as a company
secretary and corporate governance professional. Prior to Wendy’s appointment, she held company secretary and corporate
governance roles with Lendlease Group Limited and with the Commonwealth Bank of Australia Group. Wendy is a member
of the Governance Institute of Australia’s Legislative Review Committee.
Qualifications: BA, LLB, Grad. Dip. Legal Practice, Grad. Dip. Corp. Gov, FGIA, FCIS.

OVERVIEW

Directors’ interests in contracts

Vicki Clarkson was appointed Company Secretary of CBA on 3 March 2022. Vicki has extensive listed company experience.
Prior to joining CBA, Vicki held senior legal, corporate governance and company secretary roles at Bank of Queensland, Aurizon
Holdings Limited, Flight Centre Limited and Shine Corporate Ltd. Vicki is a member of the Governance Institute of Australia’s
Legislative Review Committee.
Qualifications: BA, LLB, Grad. Dip. Legal Practice, Grad. Dip. Corp. Gov, FGIA, GAICD, FCIS.

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Directors’ report (continued)

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

182

183

Financial performance
The Group cash net profit after tax
(NPAT) performance was above target
at $10,253m and our profit after capital
charge (PACC), a risk-adjusted measure,
outcome was above target at $5,840m.
Total shareholder return (TSR) over the
period 1 July 2021 to 30 June 2025
was 110.38%.
The Bank’s capital position remains
strong and well above APRA’s
requirements. Our disciplined,
long-term balance sheet settings
and capital management, have
enabled us to support our customers
and the economy through a range of
macroeconomic conditions.

We recognise the role of non-financial
drivers in longer term value creation
and our executive scorecards consider
performance across customer,
people and leadership and strategy
execution outcomes, which include
climate-related objectives, as relevant.

The Bank has further improved
employee engagement outcomes and
is building skills for the future to benefit
our people and communities. The Bank
has been recognised in the top five
banks globally for AI maturity and
maintained #1 position in Asia-Pacific
in the 2024 Evident AI Index.

Executive Talent
During the 2025 financial year,
there were changes to our Executive
Leadership Team (ELT) with two
retirements, two new executives
joining the Bank from offshore,
and two incumbent executives
appointed to different portfolios.
We were pleased to retain exceptional
executive talent while bringing in
valuable experience from offshore to

One of the Board’s responsibilities
is to establish and assess executive
performance and remuneration targets
and outcomes.

• Vesting of the FY22 LTAR award
with no reduction (50% for the CEO
and 100% for GEs), following Board
review of multi-year leadership
and strategic execution, and risk
outcomes for individual executives.
No material matters were identified
that would warrant reduced vesting
outcomes, other than those risk
outcomes where adjustments were
made to another element of the
remuneration framework.

When determining annual performance
scorecards, the Board considers past
performance, internal forecasts, and
external expectations, to set targets
that are stretching and aligned to
strategic areas of focus.
The Board Committees meet
concurrently to review executive
performance against shareholder,
customer, people and leadership, and
strategic outcomes. These meetings
include consideration of audit outcomes
and risk assessments to embed a strong
risk culture, and in June also consider
remuneration outcomes so they are
balanced and reflective of overall
performance, with opportunity to adjust
remuneration for material risk and
reputational matters, as appropriate.
The Board considered a number
of matters in the 2025 financial
year which for the ELT resulted
in two downward and one
upward adjustments for risk and
reputation matters.

Remuneration decisions
In determining executive remuneration,
the Board considered financial and
non-financial performance outcomes
in the context of the 2025 financial
year and over a multi-year period.

• FY25 LTAR awarded with no reduction
following the pre-grant assessment.

• The FY22 long-term variable
remuneration (LTVR) performance
outcome of 100%, which reflects
long-term (4-year) TSR performance
at the 90th percentile relative to the
20 largest ASX companies by market
capitalisation and 87.5th percentile
relative to financial sector peers.
Performance rights vest for the
CEO and GEs (including CEO ASB)
following the end of the relevant
holding period.

Looking forward
During the year, the Board
undertook a review of the LTVR
TSR peer groups. As a result,
Suncorp has been removed from
the peer group for the 2026
financial year. This ensures our
TSR peer groups are appropriate
to reflect outperformance against
our banking peers for capital,
customers and talent.
The Board will continue to monitor
the Bank’s remuneration framework
enabling us to attract and retain
the best talent, meet regulatory
requirements and to create
shareholder value. As always,
we welcome your feedback.

Other key matters
considered by the Board
APRA-regulated entities are required
to conduct periodic reviews of
their remuneration framework to
ensure they remain effective in
meeting the requirements of CPS
511. In the 2025 financial year, the
Group’s first triennial independent
effectiveness review of the
remuneration framework was
conducted. The framework was

Simon Moutter
People & Remuneration
Committee Chair

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Non-financial performance

We are investing to deliver superior
customer experiences and protecting
our customers and the community
from fraud, scams, cyber threats, and
financial crime. We ended the year
ranked first relative to major Australian
peer banks for customer net promoter
score (NPS) for both consumer
and business banking and led in
institutional banking for the majority
of the year.

• FY25 STVR outcomes ranging
between 74% and 88% of maximum.

FINANCIAL REPORT

Following the review, as a Board
we have taken steps to confirm
our framework is appropriately
calibrated to the relevant external
market to support attracting and
retaining exceptional executive talent.
We also identified opportunities to
enhance the transparency of how
the framework is applied, and the

Details can be found on pages 184–185.

Our approach is consistent with APRA’s
requirement that performance-related
remuneration must give material
weight to non-financial measures.

Overseeing executive
performance and
remuneration outcomes

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Additionally, this year the People &
Remuneration Committee completed
a comprehensive review of our
executive remuneration framework
in the context of emerging Australian
and global market trends in executive
remuneration. Our assessment is
that the framework remains fit for
purpose, aligned to shareholder
value creation, and compliant with
regulatory requirements.

Board’s approach to remuneration
decisions, including consideration of
risk. This focus on greater transparency
has resulted in a new section on key
remuneration matters to supplement
this letter.

The Board also approved:

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

I am pleased to present the 2025
remuneration report. As a Board we
oversee the Bank’s remuneration
framework, regularly reviewing its
policies and practices for effectiveness
and alignment with our principles.
It is pleasing that during the year, an
independent review was completed to
fulfil the requirements of the Australian
Prudential Regulation Authority (APRA)
Prudential Standard CPS 511 (CPS
511). The review found our framework
is effective, supports the Bank’s culture
and strategy and is aligned to positive
risk outcomes, long-term soundness,
and sustainable performance.

Details on comparative benchmarking can
be found on pages 188–189.

The Board continues to monitor
year-on-year progress to address the
gender pay gap. We are committed
to reducing our gender pay gap
through recruitment, development,
retention, greater access to flexible
work arrangements, challenging gender
role stereotypes, and encouraging and
supporting more women to pursue
careers in technology and other
specialist roles.

SUSTAINABILITY

Our 2025 financial year remuneration
outcomes reflect consistent, disciplined
execution of our strategic priorities,
strong progress on initiatives to safeguard
our customers and community, and
sustainable returns for our shareholders.

Given our scale and the need to attract
and retain exceptional executive talent,
the Bank’s remuneration offering for
executives needs to compete not only
against Australian peer banks and the
ASX20, but also with offshore markets.

CREATING VALUE

Dear Shareholder

The FY25 realised remuneration for the
CEO was $7.02m, a decrease of 22%
from FY24. FY25 realised remuneration
for the CEO and Group Executives (GE)
reflects the longer deferral periods of
the executive remuneration framework
implemented in the 2021 financial year
and includes 2022 and 2023 deferred
short-term variable remuneration
(STVR), and FY21 long-term alignment
remuneration (LTAR).

assessed as overall effective
with three areas identified
for continuous improvement,
relating to ongoing simplification
of remuneration processes and
internal communications. During
the year, the Board monitored
lender performance and conduct
given changes to the remuneration
framework to provide higher
variable remuneration opportunity
to participants based on a balanced
performance scorecard. The review
confirmed the changes are operating
as intended, while maintaining positive
customer outcomes and effective
management of risk outcomes.

OVERVIEW

We have observed that over the last
five years, approximately 40% of
appointments to Australian major
bank leadership teams (including our
two most recent hires) have come
from offshore. Below this level, we are
increasingly looking to global talent
pools to bring in emerging critical
capabilities and invest in skills to
succeed in the future operating context.

To better align our pay against the ASX
(including peer banks) and offshore
comparator groups, fixed remuneration
(FR) increases ranged from 4.5% to
16.7%. The CEO’s FR was adjusted
by 14% which is the first increase
received since the 2022 financial
year. This increase reflects the CEO’s
demonstrated strong performance,
capability, and the size and scale of
the Bank relative to peers.

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Remuneration
report

complement our high performing team.
These changes provide leadership
team renewal and fresh perspectives,
while minimising disruption.

184

185
During the 2025 financial year, the People & Remuneration Committee (Committee) met eight times with an
additional two meetings undertaken concurrently with the Audit, Risk & Compliance and Nominations Committees
(concurrent meetings). Key performance and remuneration matters considered by the Committees in the 2025
financial year are summarised below.

Committee considerations
• Maintaining competitive executive remuneration is important for attracting and retaining talent in a
global market.
• In determining remuneration increases, the People & Remuneration Committee (Committee) considers
remuneration benchmarking information from ASX and offshore comparator groups, broader workforce
context, incumbent and market relativity, executive capability and delivery of sustained performance.

Committee considerations
Long-term
alignment
remuneration
award (LTAR)

• Together the LTAR and LTVR support a collective focus on sustainable shareholder value creation, with the
LTAR performance assessment considering consistent performance in leadership and strategic execution,
reflecting long-term risk and performance outcomes.

• External remuneration benchmarking conducted in the 2024 financial year review identified that FR
for the CEO and other executive KMP was not competitively positioned relative to CBA’s size, scale and
performance. Refer to pages 188–189 for more information.
• While prior decisions by the Committee to deliver no or modest remuneration increases reflect a
measured approach, mindful of shareholder perception over time, this does give rise to notable risks in
our ability to retain our executives.

• While the FY22 LTAR award does not formally require a pre-vest assessment, the Board conducted a
look-back review over the four-year LTAR restriction period and determined that no adjustments were
required and the FY22 LTAR vested in full.

• As a result, the Board decided to take action to address competitiveness for CBA’s ELT in the 2025
financial year in an increasingly competitive local and global market.
Refer to page 192 for details of our executive KMP.

• For the 2025 financial year, the executive balanced scorecard comprises shareholder, customer, people
and leadership and strategy execution key performance indicators (KPIs). The Board approves scorecards
annually, which includes consideration of category weighting, measures and targets, alongside market
practice and regulatory requirements.

Concurrent
meetings

• The concurrent meeting of the People & Remuneration Committee, Audit Committee, Risk & Compliance
Committee and Nominations Committee has been in place since 2019 and is designed to meet requirements
of CPS 511.
• Concurrent meetings of the four Board Committees occurred twice this year. The concurrent meeting
facilitates Board review of executive (via performance scorecards) and Group (via the Group STVR pool)
performance. Information reviewed at the concurrent meeting includes risk scorecards for the CEO and GEs,
material risk matters presented by the Group CRO and outcomes of internal audit reviews conducted during
the year presented by the Group Auditor.

• Financial measures are 50% of the scorecard for the CEO and the majority of GEs. For the remaining GEs and
the Group Chief Risk Officer (CRO), the weighting on financial measures is 40% and 20% respectively.
• Executive scorecards have a 20–55% weighting on collective KPIs such as Group NPAT, PACC, customer
outcomes and contribution to Bank strategy. Collective KPIs were introduced in the 2019 financial year
following the APRA Prudential Inquiry to embed shared priorities and a collective focus.
• Executive scorecards also include business unit financial results, people and leadership outcomes and
delivery of strategic initiatives as individual KPIs weighted between 10–25%.

• At the concurrent meetings, financial and non-financial risk matters are considered, including those with
significant customer, regulatory or reputational impact. It also includes consideration of positive risk outcomes
and material ‘near misses’ to understand accountability and lessons learned.

• In the 2025 financial year, above target Group shareholder outcomes were a key contributor to STVR
outcomes, Group NPAT was 120.4% of target and Group PACC was 115.5% of target. The average % of
executive STVR outcomes for the 2025 financial year was 82.0%.

• In the 2025 financial year, various matters were considered from a compliance, customer and regulatory
perspective. Following consideration of senior leader accountability and reasonable steps taken, it was
determined that two downward and one upward adjustments to executive STVR outcomes were appropriate
for the 2025 financial year.

Refer to page 196 for details on the CEO STVR performance scorecard.

Progress on
gender pay
gap

• CBA has a sustained focus on and commitment to improving gender equality outcomes. On an aggregate
level, CBA has achieved pay equity on a ‘like-for-like’ basis, ensuring that everyone is paid equally for work of
equal value. The median pay gap decreased to 26.8% (-0.8pp year-on-year).
• Women make up nearly 54.5% of CBA’s Australian workforce and hold 45.8% of all leadership roles in
Executive Manager and above positions.

1

Including the rebalanced pay mix in FY21, where the underlying average for executive KMP FR increases was 1.4%.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

• Our current priority is to boost female representation in technology and other specialist roles with targeted
efforts in recruitment and development, and providing greater access to flexible work arrangements.

FINANCIAL REPORT

Refer to page 41 for details of the Bank’s committee matters and committee areas of focus.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

• This information is used to support the determination of collective and/or individual remuneration
adjustments, including any upward or downward adjustments to overall remuneration outcomes. Key
messages are communicated to inform Group-wide performance assessment considerations prior to
determination of final annual performance and remuneration outcomes.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

2025
financial year
performance
scorecards

Refer to page 205 for details on the LTAR pre-vest assessment.

SUSTAINABILITY

• The Board completes an annual pre-grant assessment to determine whether executive performance has
met expectations or if performance warrants a reduction to the LTAR grant value. A pre-vest assessment
was formally introduced in the 2023 financial year to further strengthen the focus on non-financial outcomes
over the long term as a driver of sustainable shareholder value creation.

CREATING VALUE

• The framework is compliant with CPS 511 which requires a material weighting to non-financial measures for
variable remuneration.

• No increases were awarded to any executive key management personnel (KMP) in the 2024 financial year,
with modest increases provided over the last four years on a targeted basis (ranging from 0% to 5.1% 1).

• Each year the Committee considers the appropriate weighting, measures and targets for
executive scorecards.

• The LTAR was introduced in the 2021 financial year when the executive remuneration framework was
redesigned to significantly reduce total remuneration opportunity (a reduction of up to 19%) and to increase
the proportion of total remuneration deferred over longer time horizons (currently up to five years for GEs and
six years for the CEO), in line with CPS 511.

OVERVIEW

Remuneration
increases
for the CEO
and other
executive key
management
personnel

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

2025 key remuneration matters

186

187
COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

2025 remuneration changes

Other executive KMP remuneration changes

The Board reviews the competitiveness of executive remuneration on an annual basis, taking into account role scope and scale,
and incumbent capability and experience. Competitiveness is assessed via external benchmarking, primarily with consideration
of other Australian peer banks (ANZ Group (ANZ), National Australia Bank (NAB) and Westpac Banking Corporation (WBC))
and large ASX listed companies, with supplementary consideration of remuneration in global jurisdictions, particularly where
we have sourced or are at risk of losing executive talent.

• FR increases were provided to six other executive KMP during the 2025 financial year.

Following a comprehensive market review, the Board implemented a number of FR increases across the ELT during the 2025
financial year. These increases are designed to help improve competitiveness and our ability to retain the executive talent
required to deliver our strategy and achieve continued high performance and long-term value creation.

• Prior to the increases, FR was typically positioned at rank two or three against Australian peer banks.
• FR increases ranged from 7.0% to 16.7%, with an average increase of 10.1%, improving the competitiveness of FR.
Since the 2021 financial year, the compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of average FR increases was 2.5%.
The table below outlines remuneration details for other executive KMP over the past five years.
Remuneration outcomes

30 Jun 21

30 Jun 22

30 Jun 23

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 25

5.1%

1

3.0%

1.5%

–

10.1% 2

Fixed remuneration (average $)

1,201,667

1,232,778

1,243,860

1,208,733

1,326,559

Total maximum remuneration increase (average %)

(13.9%) 3

3.0%

1.5%

–

10.1%

Total maximum remuneration (average $)

4,010,563

4,114,396

4,151,383

4,034,148

4,427,390

Total remuneration received (average $)

2,513,196

3,105,410

4,010,317

4,047,557

3,676,487 4

Fixed remuneration increase (average %)

1
2
3

CEO remuneration changes

Other changes to remuneration arrangements

• The FR increase for the CEO recognises his experience, sustained performance and leadership impact since his appointment
in 2018. The increase also reflects consideration of CBA’s size, scale and market capitalisation, and emerging market trends.
• For the 2025 financial year, the CEO’s FR was increased from $2.50m to $2.85m.
• The CEO’s FR has not been increased for three years, with the last FR increase provided being 8.7%, effective in the 2022
financial year.

• The FR increase positions the CEO’s total maximum remuneration (TMR) appropriately against the relevant domestic
banking comparators, commensurate with CBA’s relative size and scale, while still below the median of other CEOs of the
ASX comparator group, and in the lower quartile against the offshore comparator group.
Refer to pages 188–189 for additional detail on benchmarking.

Fixed remuneration ($)

30 Jun 22

30 Jun 23

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 25

4.5% 1

8.7%

–

–

14.0%

2,300,000

2,500,000

2,500,000

2,500,000

2,850,000

Total maximum remuneration increase (%)

(18.9%) 2

8.7%

0.0%

0.0%

14.0%

Total maximum remuneration ($)

7,676,250

8,343,750

8,343,750

8,343,750

9,511,875

Total remuneration received ($)

5,173,976

6,968,835

10,425,744

8,976,887

7,017,519 3

1

The vesting outcome will be determined by the Board in 2027 and 2028 through an objective assessment of the performance
measures that reflect the successful delivery of key outcomes in CBA’s technology strategy agenda.

In combination with the reduced TMR opportunity and rebalanced pay mix under the executive remuneration framework implemented in FY21, an increase of
up to 4.5% was applied to the CEO and most other executive KMP.
As a result of the rebalanced pay mix under the executive remuneration framework implemented in FY21, the CEO's TMR was reduced by 18.9%.
The CEO’s total remuneration received in FY25 includes the CEO’s new FR, FY25 cash STVR, vesting of the FY23 (tranche 1) and FY22 (tranche 2) deferred
STVR awards and vesting of 50% of the FY21 LTAR award.

The number of performance rights that vest following the performance assessment could range from 0% to 100%.
The performance rights do not receive dividends (or dividend-equivalent payments). The performance rights are subject
to the same malus and clawback rules as the LTAR and LTVR awards.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

2
3

• Model deployment, standards and technology requirements for AI across business lines, and acceleration of software
development times.

FINANCIAL REPORT

Fixed remuneration increase (%)

30 Jun 21

• Delivery of agreed technology execution priorities; and

Each performance right entitles Gavin to receive one CBA share, subject to vesting conditions.

The table below outlines the CEO’s remuneration details over the past five years.
Remuneration outcome

• Transition of technology to a security-first framework across CBA;

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

• In the 2025 financial year, the CEO’s total remuneration received was $7.02m, significantly lower than in FY24 ($8.98m) and
FY23 ($10.43m), reflecting the increased deferral and holding periods introduced for the FY21 LTAR and LTVR to meet CPS
511 requirements.

Technology is a critical enabler of CBA’s strategic priorities. Gavin Munroe (Group Chief Information Officer) was granted
a one-off award comprising of $1.50m of 9,681 performance rights to recognise his responsibility for delivery of agreed
technology priorities over a three-year period. These priorities are designed to support the modernisation of CBA’s technology
estate; strengthen technology leadership; enable greater stability, security, and continuity; enable the utilisation of new tools,
technologies and AI; and enhance customer experience. Performance measures underpinning the award include:

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

4

In combination with the reduced TMR opportunity and rebalanced pay mix under the executive remuneration framework implemented in FY21, an average
increase of 5.1% was applied to most other executive KMP.
The average FR increase in FY25 excludes any increase to other executive KMP who are not in role as at 30 June 2025.
As a result of the rebalanced pay mix under the executive remuneration framework implemented in FY21, the TMR for other executive KMP was reduced by an
average of 13.9%.
Other executive KMP's average total remuneration received in the 2025 financial year includes their new FR, FY25 cash STVR, vesting of the FY23 (tranche 1)
and FY22 (tranche 2) deferred STVR awards and 100% vesting of the FY21 LTAR award.

SUSTAINABILITY

In Australia and offshore, we have observed competition for talent for various critical functions and in senior layers of
management, including below executive KMP level. Despite anticipating increasing competition for talent, we have
experienced some regrettable turnover to Australian peer banks.

• No increase was provided to any other executive KMP in the 2024 financial year.

CREATING VALUE

Our ELT has an average tenure of four years in a GE role, with valuable executive experience providing strong, stable leadership
for the Bank. The team has a track record of delivering sustainable performance and significant value for shareholders, with
TSR of 220% delivered over the past five years. In this context, maintaining competitive remuneration is critical to improve our
ELT’s market position against both Australian and relevant offshore comparator groups.

OVERVIEW

CBA’s executive remuneration framework is designed to attract and retain exceptional executive talent, align with and support
sustainable shareholder returns, and meet regulatory requirements.

188

189
COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

CBA scale, performance and remuneration
relative to comparator benchmarks

10.3

The graphs below present a comparison of CBA CEO’s TMR relative to the supplementary ASX and offshore comparator
groups. While there is generally a correlation between TMR and market capitalisation (see trendline), the data indicates that
the CBA CEO’s remuneration is positioned more conservatively when compared to the supplementary peer groups, even
following the remuneration increase effective FY25.

Cash return on equity (ROE) (%) 1,2

309.2
13.5
11.2

7.1

11.6

11.2

9.7

86.7

87.2

120.5 115.9

10.9

CEO total maximum remuneration relative to market capitalisation
102.6

WBC

CBA

ANZ MQG NAB

WBC

CBA

HSBC

WBC

BARCLAYS

30

25

Total maximum remuneration ($m)

RIO

STANDARD CHARTERED

GMG

13.7

27

CSL

19

9.5

16

12

8.3

9.7

11.3

WBC

CBA

ANZ MBFS5 NAB

WBC

CBA 6 ANZ MBFS5 NAB

WBC

BHP

15

10

ALL WDS

BXB
QBE
TLS
WOW
REA

Average (Australian peer banks)

SIG

TCL

MQG

Cash NPAT and cash ROE are used as it is management’s preferred measures of the Group’s financial performance. As MQG annual report does not
report a cash ROE figure, statutory ROE has been used. MBFS’ statutory NPAT has been used because it is considered a more relevant peer for consumer
and business banking.

3

Market capitalisation as at 30 June 2025.

4

Data sourced from Roy Morgan and RFI Global Atlas, as at June 2025.

5

MFI values reflect MBFS and TMR reflects the total actual remuneration for their the Deputy Managing Director and Head of Banking and Financial Services.

6

CBA TMR was $8.4m in FY24.

NATWEST

15

CBA

10

FMG

5
Market capitalisation (AU$ billion)

0

100

200

300

400

FY24 CBA

FY25 CBA

Trendline

0

100

200

300

400

Market capitalisation (AU$ billion)

Market capitalisation (AU$ billion)

Key

Performance relative to Australian peer banks

LLOYDS

Peer banks

220%

130%
51%

140%

73%

17%
1 year TSR
Key

CBA

3 year TSR

5 year TSR

Average (Australian peer banks)

1

Largest ASX companies ranked by market capitalisation (data as at 30 June 2025) with select companies excluded, for example, overseas domiciled companies
including Newmont Corporation, Resmed Inc, Amcor Plc and Block Inc.

2

The offshore comparator group includes Barclays PLC, HSBC Holdings PLC, Lloyds Banking Group PLC, NatWest Group PLC and Standard Chartered PLC.
FY25 TMR have been sourced from the latest annual reports. Market capitalisation and exchange rates are as at 30 June 2025.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Our ELT have contributed to CBA’s consistent and
sustained high performance, which is reflected in strong
TSR against Australian peer banks (ANZ, MQG, NAB and
WBC) demonstrated over the last five years.

FINANCIAL REPORT

Data sourced from the latest annual reports.

2

20

CBA

WES
ANZ WBC
NAB

5

1

25

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

2

2
ANZ MBFS5 NAB

8.5

13.8

17

14

8.4

Remuneration (AU$ million)

20
18

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

MFI for businesses (%) 4

ANZ MQG NAB

Remuneration (AU$ million)

ANZ MBFS NAB

33

Key

35

30

MFI for consumers (%) 4

CBA

Offshore comparator group

ASX comparator group

1.4
CBA

SUSTAINABILITY

5.6

Relative to the ASX comparator group, CBA ranks first in market capitalisation while the CEO’s TMR is below median
(ranked 12th). Although CBA’s market capitalisation is similar to HSBC and significantly exceeds that of its offshore peers,
CBA CEO’s TMR remains considerably lower.

CREATING VALUE

Market capitalisation ($bn) 3

Cash NPAT ($bn) 1,2

7.1

While the primary benchmark for assessing remuneration competitiveness is Australian peer banks, the ASX 1 and offshore 2
comparator groups are supplementary reference points.
FR and TMR increases for the executive KMP are designed to position CBA’s remuneration more competitively against
domestic peers and maintain current relativity with offshore markets.

Australian peer banks

6.7

ASX and offshore comparator groups
OVERVIEW

CBA has outperformed consistently against Australian peer banks and is materially larger than the majority of comparative
metrics, including size (market capitalisation) and scale (main financial institution (MFI)) as detailed in the graphs below.
Alongside ANZ, NAB and WBC, Macquarie Banking and Financial Services (MBFS), a division of the Macquarie Group (MQG),
is considered as an additional peer in consumer and business banking.

190

191
COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Our executive remuneration framework

Our remuneration principles

OVERVIEW

Designed to attract and retain exceptional talent, align with and deliver
sustainable shareholder returns, and meet regulatory requirements.
Mandatory shareholding requirement (MSR)

Aligned with
shareholder
value creation

Market competitive
to attract and
retain exceptional
talent

Reward
sustainable
outperformance

Recognise the role
of non-financial
drivers in
longer-term
value creation

Simple and
transparent

Reflect the
Bank’s strategy
and values

The CEO must accumulate CBA shares equal to 300% of FR, and Group Executives and
the CEO ASB must accumulate shares equal to 200% of FR. All executives have a five-year
period from the date of their appointment to their respective roles, or from the date their
FR increases by 15% or greater, to meet their MSR.
Further details on executive KMP shareholdings are provided on pages 198–199.

MSR as a proportion of FR
3x
Group CEO
2x
Group Executive and
CEO ASB

Long-term variable remuneration (LTVR)

Purpose

Purpose

Purpose

Purpose

Provides market competitive remuneration to attract
and retain high quality talent while reflecting role scope
and accountabilities.

Varies remuneration outcomes in line with annual performance
achievement, with balanced weighting across financial and
non-financial outcomes across shareholder, customer, people
and leadership and strategy execution measures.

Drives collective focus on increasing the value of CBA over
time, and individual focus on people and leadership and
strategy execution.

Varies remuneration outcomes in line with longer term
performance measures, with a focus on relative shareholder
returns to support sustainable long-term shareholder value.

Description

Description

Description

Description

Base remuneration and superannuation (or KiwiSaver for the
CEO ASB), reviewed annually against relevant comparator
group remuneration benchmarks.

Target opportunity of 75% of FR with maximum opportunity
of 94% of FR (125% of target STVR), based on balanced
performance scorecard, risk scorecard and values assessment.

Maximum opportunity of 70% of FR, subject to a
restriction period and pre-grant and pre-vest assessments
which consider future financial factors and individual
non-financial performance of people and leadership and
strategy execution.

Maximum opportunity of 70% of FR. Assessed on relative
total shareholder return (TSR) measured against two
equally-weighted comparator groups: a general ASX peer group
and a financial services peer group, subject to a holding period
after a four-year performance period.

Refer to page 203 for further information.

Refer to page 203 for further information.

Mix

Refer to pages 204–205 for further information.

Mix
FR: 30%

STVR

LTAR

Refer to pages 206–207 for further information.

Mix

LTVR

FR

CASH:
14%

SHARES:
14%

LTAR

LTVR

Mix
FR

LTAR: 21%

STVR

FR

LTVR

STVR

LTAR

LTVR: 21%

CEO

CEO

Deferred shares
25%
25%

Year 1

Year 1

Year 2

Group Executives and CEO ASB

Group Executives and CEO ASB
Cash
50%

Deferred shares
25%
25%

Year 1

Year 1

Year 2

Cash
100%

Year 3

Year 3

Subject to in-year adjustments, malus and clawback.
Refer to page 203.

CEO

CEO

Restricted share units
50%

50%

Performance period

Holding period

Year 4

Year 5

Year 4

Years 5 and 6

Group Executives and CEO ASB
Restricted share units
100%

Year 4

Group Executives and CEO ASB
Performance period

Holding period

Year 4

Year 5

Subject to malus and clawback. Refer to pages 204 and 206.
Pre-vest assessment.

Performance assessment.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Cash
50%

Cash
100%

FINANCIAL REPORT

Instrument and deferral

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Long-term alignment remuneration (LTAR)

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Short-term variable remuneration (STVR)

SUSTAINABILITY

Fixed remuneration (FR)

CREATING VALUE

Our MSR promotes alignment of the interests of the Executive Leadership Team, with those
of shareholders and supports sustained long-term value creation for the Bank.

192

193

The table below outlines the executives who were KMP for the year ended 30 June 2025, including each individual’s
appointment and cessation date where applicable.

The tables below outline the appointments and exits for executive KMP during the 2025 financial year.

KMP are defined as persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of an entity,
directly or indirectly, including any director (whether executive or otherwise) of that entity.
For executive KMP who have commenced or ceased employment during the 2025 financial year, remuneration disclosed in this
report have been pro-rated to reflect time in role.
Position

Appointment
Date

Cessation
Date Term as KMP

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

9 April 2018

–

Full year

Current Group Executives and CEO ASB
Alan Docherty

Internal appointments
Group Executives

CEO
Matt Comyn

The Board has approved the appointment and remuneration arrangements for the following three other executive KMP.
The fixed and variable remuneration for newly appointed KMP is in line with the executive remuneration framework, the
executive’s experience, capability and appropriate competitiveness with the market.

Group Chief Financial Officer

–

Full year

17 February 2025

–

Full year

Gavin Munroe

14 November 2022

–

Full year

17 February 2025

–

Part year

3 February 2018

–

Full year

1 July 2018

–

Full year

Group Chief Information Officer

Kiersten Robinson Chief People Officer

• Andrew joined the Group in 2015 as Executive General Manager, Global Markets and moved
Andrew Hinchliff
Group Chief Risk Officer from his role as Group Executive, Institutional Banking and Markets to Group Chief Risk Officer
in February 2025. He is responsible for ensuring the effective governance and management of
Appointed 17
all risk types across the Bank and is focused on risk management and compliance to maintain
February 2025
the trust placed in the Bank by our customers and the community.
• Andrew has deep technical expertise in banking and markets and in his prior role implemented
a number of changes that have made Institutional Banking and Markets a more resilient and
efficient business.

Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director of
ASB (CEO ASB)

Angus Sullivan

Group Executive, Retail Banking Services

Sinead Taylor

Group Executive, Institutional Banking and Markets

17 February 2025

–

Part year

Mike Vacy-Lyle

Group Executive, Business Banking

31 January 2020

–

Full year

Sinead Taylor
Group Executive,
Institutional Banking
and Markets

1 August 2018

16 February 2025

Part year

5 November 2018

16 February 2025

Part year

Appointed 17
February 2025

Former Group Executives
Sian Lewis

Group Executive, Human Resources

Nigel Williams

Group Chief Risk Officer

1

Andrew Hinchliff was the Group Executive, Institutional Banking and Markets for the period of 1 July 2024 to 16 February 2025, and appointed as Group Chief
Risk Officer effective 17 February 2025.

• Sinead moved from her role as Chief Operations Officer to Group Executive, Institutional
Banking and Markets in February 2025.
• Sinead has been with the Bank for more than 20 years and in the Chief Operations Officer role
since October 2021 where she had responsibility for all banking, markets and group regulatory
operations across CBA. Before this, Sinead was Executive General Manager Bankwest, having
led that business from 2019 to 2021.

External appointments
Additional details

Kiersten Robinson
Chief People Officer

• Kiersten has had a 28 year career with the Ford Motor Company, spanning human resources
and business leadership positions across Australia, Europe and the US. She brings a strong
track record of leading people through significant industry change, having previously been the
President, Ford of Mexico and Canada and General Manager, Family Vehicles Portfolio.

Appointed 17
February 2025

• Prior to this role, Kiersten was Ford’s Chief People Officer and Employee Experience Officer,
leading the people strategy across all business segments, supporting nearly 250,000
employees in 125 countries.

Refer to pages 208–209 for more information on remuneration package and relocation benefits.

Exit arrangements are consistent for both Nigel Williams and Sian Lewis as outlined below and in line with contractual
arrangements and provision of benefits required by law.
Exit arrangements

Nigel Williams

• Eligible for a prorated FY25 STVR, prorated LTAR award and LTVR award. As a good leaver,
unvested deferred awards remain on foot1 to be vested according to the original terms,
performance conditions and vesting schedule to allow for the review of, and adjustment for,
risk or conduct in the future if required, subject to Board discretion.

Retired on
16 February 2025
Sian Lewis
Retired on
16 February 2025
1

• The prorated STVR is subject to performance and a Board risk and reputation review, and paid
60% in cash with the remaining 40% deferred as cash, vesting at least four years after grant,
aligned to regulatory requirements.

No accelerated or automatic vesting upon ceasing employment. Deferred awards continue to be subject to malus, and awards paid or vested continue to be
subject to clawback.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Group Executives

FINANCIAL REPORT

Executive KMP exit arrangements

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Group Executives

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Vittoria Shortt

SUSTAINABILITY

15 October 2018

Andrew Hinchliff 1 Group Chief Risk Officer

Additional details

CREATING VALUE

Name

Executive KMP appointments

OVERVIEW

Executive appointment and exits

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Our executive key management personnel

194

195
COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Group performance

CBA’s remuneration governance framework

Our remuneration outcomes, including all components of variable remuneration, i.e. STVR, LTAR and LTVR, reflect sustained
performance across both financial and non-financial measures. Variable remuneration is designed to align the interests of
executives with those of shareholders, ensuring that the executives are incentivised to drive long-term growth and profitability.

CBA Board

The graphs below provide details of the Group’s performance over the past five financial years.

External advisors
During the 2025 financial year, external advisors were engaged to provide information to the People & Remuneration
Committee to assist the Committee with making remuneration decisions. The People & Remuneration Committee did not
seek or receive any remuneration recommendations from external advisors in the 2025 financial year.

3,942

24

5,840

5,558

10,253

9,847

10,182

9,708

6,027
3,950

23

25

Continuing Cash NPAT and PACC
Discontinued Cash NPAT and PACC

23

25

21

22

23

24

4.85

127.38
24

4.65

22

4.50

21

3.85

25

3.50

24

184.75

23

100.27

22

99.87

21

Dividends per
share ($)

Share price as at
30 Jun 2 ($)

90.38

Relative TSR 1:
four-year period
to 30 Jun (%)

The Group NPAT target is higher than prior year
driven by revenue growth from increased lending
and deposit volumes and higher other operating
income partly offset by an increase in expenses
from continued investment into the franchise
and inflation and an increase in loan impairment
expense as loan losses normalise to historical
levels. The PACC target is higher than prior year
due to higher pre-provision profit, partly offset
by higher expected losses and capital charge
from volume growth.

25

Percentile ranking
Absolute TSR %

Refer to page 196 for further details.

1 Percentile ranking relative to general ASX peer group.
2 CBA opening share price 1 July 2020 was $69.45.

Refer to page 196 for further details.

45

25

45

24

44

23

43

22

42

The customer (NPS) targets are set to maintain
or increase a leading position relative to our
Australian peer banks and improve on prior
year outcomes. Non-financial measures
support alignment with shareholder interests
as we advance our strategic priorities and create
sustainable value for our customers, people
and shareholders. Focusing on non-financial
performance (in addition to financial
performance) also supports compliance with
CPS 511 requirements.

1

Diversity (%)
85

Executive remuneration outcomes reflect
non-financial performance in customer,
people and leadership, strategy execution,
risk and reputation.

People (%) 2
84

Customer (NPS rank) (#) 1

85

Non-financial

21

22

23

24

25

2

3

4
21

22

23

24

25

IB&M NPS
Consumer NPS
Business NPS
1 Represents June NPS outcome
for the relevant year.

21

People
Engagement
Index

Women in Executive
Manager and
above roles

2 FY21-23 outcomes have been restated
to reflect revised survey format. Refer to
page 68 for further details on Sustainability
Performance.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

In line with regulatory requirements, the performance and remuneration arrangements and outcomes of the CEO ASB are
approved by the ASB Board and reported to the PRC with the request that the PRC recommend them to the CBA Board
for approval, contingent on the ASB Board approval.

22

84

The Group Risk & Remuneration Review Committee is a management committee that advises the Group CRO on risk
considerations for determining remuneration outcomes. This Committee also reviews the application of remuneration
consequences for poor risk behaviours and/or outcomes on accountable individuals from Executive Managers to Executive
General Managers, including Specified Roles.

21

FINANCIAL REPORT

The concurrent meeting process is structured to support the determination of appropriate remuneration outcomes and meet regulatory
requirements. The meeting agenda primarily focuses on key risk and audit matters relevant to the CEO and each Group Executive’s
performance and remuneration outcomes so that consideration is given to both exceptional and poor risk and audit outcomes and
the context in which those outcomes occurred.

25

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

As part of the performance and risk review, and to support the determination of remuneration outcomes for the CEO and Group
Executives, the People & Remuneration Committee meets concurrently with the Risk & Compliance, Audit, and Nominations
Committees. These concurrent meetings provide an opportunity for the Committees to review and recommend relevant risk
and audit matters that may warrant consideration in the People & Remuneration Committee’s determination of remuneration
outcomes. Information provided to the concurrent meetings supports the review and recommendation of collective and/or
individual remuneration arrangements, including outcomes and variable remuneration adjustments. Considerations at the
meeting include risk scorecard outcomes for the CEO and Group Executives, details of material risk matters presented by
the Group CRO and outcomes of internal audit reviews conducted during the year, presented by the Group Auditor.

24

82

The Charter is available at commbank.com.au/peopleandremuneration

23

90

The People & Remuneration Committee met formally eight times during the 2025 financial year with the following members
(as at 30 June 2025): Simon Moutter (Chair), Lyn Cobley, Paul O’Malley and Mary Padbury. The responsibilities of the
People & Remuneration Committee are outlined in its Charter, which is reviewed annually.

22

Group PACC
($m)

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

The People & Remuneration Committee is the governing body for developing, monitoring and assessing the remuneration
strategy and framework across CBA on behalf of the Board, ensuring that these are aligned to regulatory requirements,
appropriate and operating as intended. The role of the People & Remuneration Committee is to review, challenge, assess
and, as appropriate, endorse the recommendations made by management for Board approval. The Board reviews, challenges,
applies judgement and, as appropriate, approves the People & Remuneration Committee’s recommendations.

21

110.38

People & Remuneration Committee and Board oversight

The Board approves financial targets as an
outcome of the business planning process
to ensure they are sufficiently stretching,
with consideration of the Group’s strategic
priorities, the economic environment and
market expectations. Financial targets are set
to maintain balance sheet growth and strength
through the cycle.

85

The People & Remuneration Committee may engage
external advisors to provide information to assist the
Committee in making remuneration decisions.

Executive remuneration outcomes reflect
sustained financial performance, with consistent
operational execution and value delivery
for shareholders.

112.22

Independent remuneration consultant

Management Committee that advises the Group CRO on risk
considerations for determining remuneration outcomes for Executive
Managers to Executive General Managers, including Specified Roles.

Group Cash NPAT
($m)

SUSTAINABILITY

Group Risk & Remuneration Review Committee

Financial

70

Considers and reviews
matters relevant to evaluating
the performance of the CEO
and reports the evaluation to
the People & Remuneration
Committee and the Board.

42.87

Assesses and advises the
People & Remuneration
Committee of any audit
matters which may impact
collective and/or individual
remuneration outcomes.

8,801

Advises the People &
Remuneration Committee
of material risk matters
which may impact collective
and/or individual
remuneration outcomes.

75

Oversees CBA’s remuneration
framework and assists the
Board to ensure the Group’s
remuneration strategy,
policies and practices are
appropriate and effective.

Measures

75

Nominations
Committee

59.32

Audit Committee

51.85

Risk & Compliance
Committee

Rank

Concurrent
meetings are held to
determine CEO and
Group Executive
risk, performance
and remuneration
outcomes.

People & Remuneration
Committee

CREATING VALUE

Board
Committees

OVERVIEW

Remuneration governance

196

197

Remuneration at a glance
CEO remuneration received

Reflective of Group financial and non-financial performance, the CEO’s 2025 STVR outcome is 86.0% of maximum
(107.5% of target). The CEO’s performance scorecard is summarised below.
Weight

Scorecard result

For the 2025 financial year, the CEO:
% of STVR
maximum

Financial

OVERVIEW

Measures and outcomes

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

CEO short-term variable remuneration
performance outcomes

• Received variable remuneration relating to performance over the five-year period from 1 July 2020 to 30 June 2025,
as detailed below.
• Outcomes reflect performance (as a % of maximum) against financial and non-financial measures for each variable
remuneration component.

NPAT (% of target)
Outcome 120.4%

PACC (% of target)
Outcome 115.5%

24.1%

• FY25 total received remuneration is $7.02m with $4.17m (59%) of total remuneration relating to performance, including
awards deferred into equity from prior performance periods. See page 202 for further details.
• Share price growth on deferred awards contributed $1.15m or 16% of FY25 total remuneration received.1
• FY25 statutory remuneration is $8.50m, which reflects the accounting value of the CEO’s awards prepared in line with
Australian Accounting Standards. See pages 208–209 for further detail.

23.1%

Variable remuneration

Non-financial
Customer
9.0%

Outcome 75%

1

People & Leadership
Measures are selected to assess individual leadership impact and
focus on creating exceptional teams and building a diverse culture.
• Leading a culture of learning and customer obsession, as measured
by People Engagement Index (PEI)
• Strengthening our talent and succession with focus on diversity,
development and internal mobility

10%

Outcome 110%

8.8%

50% of FY25 award 3

86%

1 July 2024 to 30 June 2025

Deferred STVR

25% of 2023 award

94%

1 July 2022 to 30 June 2023

25% of 2022 award

87%

1 July 2021 to 30 June 2022

LTAR

50% of FY21 award

100%

1 July 2020 to 30 June 2024

LTVR

0% of FY21 award

100%

1 July 2020 to 30 June 2024

4

The volume weighted average closing price (VWACP) at the grant and vest dates for the 2023 deferred STVR award was $101.21 at grant and $138.85 at
vest, the 2022 deferred STVR award was $97.38 at grant and $138.85 at vest, and the FY21 LTAR award was $68.82 at grant and $131.17 at vest.
STVR outcome reflects % of maximum performance opportunity. LTAR and LTVR outcomes reflect % of maximum vesting opportunity.
The cash component of the FY25 STVR award will be paid in or around October 2025.
The FY21 LTVR award is subject to a further holding lock period ending 30 June 2027.

Other executive KMP remuneration outcomes

Assessment of progress in delivery of the Group’s strategic priorities.
Results
• Strong growth in business banking and proprietary home lending
• Implementation of critical scam detection and prevention
controls, and customer scam losses
• Progress on embedding prioritised customer journeys

Cash STVR

25%

Outcome 105%

21.0%

For the 2025 financial year, other executive KMP received variable remuneration relating to performance over the five-year period
from 1 July 2020 to 30 June 2025.
Variable remuneration outcomes

86.0%

30 Jun 22

30 Jun 23

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 25

STVR outcome (average % of maximum)

84%

84%

87%

81%

81%

LTAR vesting outcome (% of maximum)

n/a

n/a

n/a

100%

100%

87.5%

100%

92.5%

100%

100%1

LTVR performance outcome (% of maximum)

Risk and reputation assessment
Assessment of leadership of the Group’s reputation, effective risk management,
risk culture, and progress against the Environmental & Social (E&S) Framework.

Exceptionally
demonstrated

No
adjustment

1

The FY22 LTVR reached the end of its performance period on 30 June 2025 but is subject to a further holding period (50% for one year to 30 June 2026 and
50% for 2 years to 30 June 2027).

Long-term alignment remuneration

Values assessment
The CEO has continued to demonstrate leadership in line with CBA’s Values,
the behaviours required to meet Financial Accountability Regime (FAR)
Accountability Obligations and provide national industry leadership.

The following awards have vested without reduction after the restriction period ended on 30 June 2025: the second tranche
of the FY21 award and the first tranche of the FY22 award have vested in full for the CEO, and 100% of the FY22 award
vested in full for the Group Executives and CEO ASB.
Long-term variable remuneration

Overall CEO STVR scorecard outcome

Key

Threshold 50%

Target 100%

86.0%

Above expectations 125%

The FY22 award reached the end of its performance period on 30 June 2025 with a performance outcome of 100%. Performance
rights are subject to further holding periods as detailed in the overview of unvested equity awards on page 211. The first tranche
of the FY21 award to the Group Executives and CEO ASB reached the end of its holding period on 30 June 2025 and vested in full.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Fully met

No
adjustment

FINANCIAL REPORT

Overall CEO scorecard STVR outcome

30 Jun 21

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Strategy Execution

2
3
4

Performance Period

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Aligned to our ambition of providing superior customer experience.
Customer targets reflect a combination of absolute NPS performance
improvement and performance relative to other Australian peer banks. 15%
Assessment also considers customer complaint volumes, relationship
managed business segment NPS and other external surveys.

Outcome 2

SUSTAINABILITY

Target set in line with Board approved FY25 financial plan. Threshold
and Above expectations performance levels set at a proportionally
25%
stretching range relative to target.
Group NPAT:
Threshold $9,359m
Target $9,851m
Above expectations $10,344m
25%
Group PACC:
Threshold $4,865m
Target $5,466m
Above expectations $6,067m

CREATING VALUE

Shareholder

198

199

The executive KMP remuneration snapshot provides details of remuneration received 1 during the financial years ended
30 June 2025 and 30 June 2024. This differs from the statutory remuneration table on pages 208–209, which presents
remuneration in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards (i.e. on an accruals basis). The basis of preparation for
the executive KMP remuneration snapshot is noted on page 202, excluding any one-off cash or equity awards.

The snapshot also provides each executive’s progress against their MSR. Eight of nine executive KMP have met their MSR
with the other KMP progressing shareholdings within the accumulation period.

Matt Comyn Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer ($000)

Vittoria Shortt Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director of ASB ($000) Term as KMP:

1

2,850

1,149

1,485

1,534

Progress against MSR
Meets

Total 7,018

full year

2025 remuneration 1,2
received

864%

1,126

392 596

Total 3,468

1,354

1,000%
Current shareholding

Current shareholding
2024 remuneration
received

1

2,500

921 1,004

Total 8,977

4,552

2024 remuneration 1,2
received

300%
Shareholding requirement

2025 remuneration 1
received

1,300

514

666

1,421

Term as KMP:
full year

Progress against MSR
Meets

Total 3,901

1,067

416

1,239

Total 4,712

1,990

Angus Sullivan Group Executive, Retail Banking Services ($000)
2025 remuneration
received

712%

Term as KMP:
full year

1

1,400

488

735

1,734

664%

432 455

2,121

1,318

505

662

1,454

2024 remuneration 1
received

Shareholding requirement

Term as KMP:
full year

Progress against MSR
Meets

Total 3,939

1,300

509 534

Sinead Taylor Group Executive, Institutional Banking and Markets ($000)
2025 remuneration 1
received

715%

459 177

200%

Total 4,619

2,276

Shareholding requirement

Term as KMP:
part year

Total 636

322%

Current shareholding
2024 remuneration
received

1

1,200

467 457

2,173

Total 4,297

2025 remuneration 1
received

Term as KMP:
full year

528 211 Total 2,072

1,333

Current shareholding

200%

200%

Shareholding requirement

Shareholding requirement

Progress against MSR
Meets

Mike Vacy-Lyle Group Executive, Business Banking ($000)
2025 remuneration 1
received

285%

1,325

545

752

1,528

Term as KMP:
full year
Total 4,150

727%

Current shareholding
1,200

462

200%

Total 1,662

Total 609

1,225

455 504

2,276

Total 4,460

Progress against MSR
On track
26%
Current shareholding
200%
Shareholding requirement

Key
1

FR

STVR – Cash

STVR – Deferred

LTAR

LTVR

Both 2025 and 2024 refer to the relevant financial year, and include FR received, STVR cash portion paid, and equity awards which have vested during the year, including deferred
STVR, LTAR and LTVR awards. For 2025, this relates to the FY21 LTAR award, and for 2024 this relates to the FY20 LTVR award.

Key
2

FR

STVR – Cash

STVR – Deferred

New Zealand dollar amounts have been converted to Australian dollars.

LTAR

LTVR

200%
Shareholding requirement

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Term as KMP:
part year

1

441 168

2024 remuneration 1
received

Shareholding requirement

Kiersten Robinson Chief People Officer ($000)
2025 remuneration
received

Current shareholding

FINANCIAL REPORT

2024 remuneration 1
received

Progress against MSR
Meets

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Gavin Munroe Group Chief Information Officer ($000)

Progress against MSR
Meets

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

2025 remuneration 1
received

200%

Total 4,158

Andrew Hinchliff Group Chief Risk Officer ($000)

Current shareholding

SUSTAINABILITY

1,150

Progress against MSR
Meets

Total 4,357

Current shareholding
2024 remuneration 1
received

200%
Shareholding requirement

CREATING VALUE

Alan Docherty Group Chief Financial Officer ($000)

Progress against MSR
Meets
OVERVIEW

2025 remuneration
received

Term as KMP:
full year

Refer to page 210 for details on equity awards.

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Executive KMP remuneration snapshot

200

201
COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Executive KMP remuneration outcomes

Long-term variable remuneration performance outcomes

The following table provides the 2025 financial year STVR outcomes for executives for the period they were KMP.
The minimum potential outcome is zero.

The 2022 financial year LTVR award reached the end of its four-year performance period on 30 June 2025. CBA’s
performance outcome for the general ASX peer group was 100% and the financial services peer group was 100% with an
overall performance outcome of 100%. The performance rights that remain after performance tests are subject to further
holding periods for the CEO and Group Executives, including CEO ASB.

STVR actual
Total
$

Cash 1
$

Deferred
$

STVR actual
as a %
of STVR
maximum 2
%

CEO
Matt Comyn

2,137,500

2,671,875

2,297,278

1,148,639

1,148,639

107.5%

86%

Performance measure

Relative TSR (general ASX peer group)

50%

90th percentile ranking relative to the peer group

100%

50%

87.5th percentile ranking relative to the peer group

100%

Refer to page 101 of the 2022 Remuneration Report for the FY22 LTVR award general ASX and financial services peer groups.

1,218,750

1,027,504

513,752

513,752

105%

84%

988,767

1,235,959

1,010,425

505,213

505,212

102%

82%

Gavin Munroe

999,452

1,249,315

1,055,771

527,886

527,885

106%

85%

Kiersten Robinson

413,014

335,813

167,907

167,906

102%

81%

844,422

1,055,528

784,679

392,340

392,339

93%

74%

Angus Sullivan

1,050,000

1,312,500

976,941

488,471

488,470

93%

74%

Long-term remuneration for executive KMP is subject to both restriction and holding periods.

Sinead Taylor 3

344,178

430,223

354,641

177,321

177,320

103%

82%

Mike Vacy-Lyle

993,750

1,242,188

1,090,243

545,122

545,121

110%

88%

The diagrams illustrate when the 2022 financial year LTAR and LTVR awards will be delivered to the CEO and Group
Executives, including CEO ASB.

Sian Lewis 5

498,390

622,988

515,261

309,157

206,104

103%

83%

Nigel Williams 5

688,253

860,317

695,411

417,247

278,164

101%

81%

Former Group Executives

1
2

Refer to page 203 for details on STVR.

FY22 LTAR
Restriction
period

Restriction period

FY22

FY23

FY24

FY25

FY26

Key
100% restricted share units (RSU) granted to Group Executives and CEO ASB vest after four years and 50% of the CEO’s award.
Remaining 50% of RSUs vest to the CEO after five years.

While the FY22 LTAR award does not require a pre-vest assessment, the Board conducted a look-back review over the
four-year restriction period.
Refer to page 205 for details on the LTAR pre-vest assessment.

FY22 LTVR
Performance period

The 2025 financial year LTAR awards were granted with no downward adjustments following the pre-grant assessment. LTAR
award for the CEO is delivered in two equal tranches and is subject to a pre-vest assessment at the end of a four and five-year
restriction period ending 30 June 2028 and 30 June 2029 respectively. LTAR award for Group Executives and CEO ASB is
subject to a pre-vest assessment at the end of a four-year restriction period ending 30 June 2028.
The following table outlines the pre-grant assessment for each of the executive KMP.
Pre-grant assessment

Threshold level individual non-financial performance
Board discretion to adjust grant value downwards
Pre-grant assessment outcome
Refer to page 205 for LTAR pre-grant assessment.

FY23

FY24

FY25

2-yr holding
period

3-yr holding
period

FY26

FY27

FY28

Key
End of four-year performance period. Following satisfaction of performance measures, performance rights (PR) are subject
to a holding period.
50% of PRs will vest for Group Executives and CEO ASB at the end of the one-year holding period.

Met

50% of PRs will vest for the CEO and the remaining 50% for Group Executives and CEO ASB at the end of the two-year
holding period.

Met

50% of PRs will vest for the CEO at the end of the three-year holding period.

No adjustment
No downward adjustment

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Forward-looking financial considerations

Outcome

FY22

1-yr holding
period

FINANCIAL REPORT

Long-term alignment remuneration pre-grant assessment outcomes

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

3
4
5

Cash amounts will be paid in or around October 2025 for Australian-based executives.
The percentage of 2025 financial year STVR forfeited (as a % of STVR target and maximum respectively): Matt Comyn 0% and 14%, Alan Docherty 0% and
16%, Andrew Hinchliff 0% and 18%, Gavin Munroe 0% and 15%, Kiersten Robinson 0% and 19%, Vittoria Shortt 7% and 26%, Angus Sullivan 7% and 26%,
Sinead Taylor 0% and 18%, Mike Vacy-Lyle 0% and 12%, Sian Lewis 0% and 17%, Nigel Williams 0% and 19%.
Kiersten Robinson and Sinead Taylor commenced as KMP on 17 February 2025, remuneration reflects time in role.
Vittoria Shortt's remuneration is paid in New Zealand dollars. The values shown are impacted by movements in exchange rates.
Sian Lewis and Nigel Williams ceased as KMP on 16 February 2025, their remuneration reflects time in KMP role. The deferred portion of Sian Lewis and Nigel
Williams' 2025 STVR award was deferred in line with FAR requirements. Payment will be made in cash.

Long-term remuneration time horizon

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

330,411

Vittoria Shortt 4

3

SUSTAINABILITY

975,000

Andrew Hinchliff

Performance
outcome

Percentile ranking

Relative TSR (financial services peer group)

Current Group Executives and CEO ASB
Alan Docherty

Percentage

CREATING VALUE

STVR
maximum
$

STVR target
$

STVR actual
as a %
of STVR
target 2
%

OVERVIEW

Executive short-term variable remuneration performance outcomes

202

203

Remuneration received by executive KMP
The remuneration outcomes table below provides a summary of the remuneration received by the executives in their KMP roles
during the financial year ended 30 June 2025. It complements the executive KMP remuneration snapshots on pages 198–199,
which present remuneration received, and is prepared in accordance with the basis of preparation noted below, including
any one-off cash and/or equity awards. All remuneration presented in this report is in Australian dollars.
Deferred
awards 1
d

2,850,000

1,148,639

3,998,639

3,018,880

7,017,519

–

2,500,000

920,860

3,420,860

5,556,027

8,976,887

(369,022)

30 Jun 25
30 Jun 24

Fixed remuneration
Fixed remuneration (FR) comprises base remuneration (i.e. cash salary) and superannuation (KiwiSaver for the CEO ASB).
FR is delivered in accordance with contractual terms and conditions of employment and is reviewed annually against relevant
comparator group remuneration benchmarks. As part of the benchmark, the Group’s size, scale and complexity relative to the
comparator group are considered.

CEO
Matt Comyn

Short-term variable remuneration
The table below outlines key features of the 2025 financial year STVR award for the CEO and Group Executives, including CEO ASB.
Refer to page 213 for treatment of STVR on cessation of employment.

Current Group Executives and CEO ASB
Alan Docherty

513,752

1,813,752

2,086,341

3,900,093

–

30 Jun 24

1,150,000

432,264

1,582,264

2,575,643

4,157,907

(171,889)

Andrew Hinchliff 2

30 Jun 25

1,318,356

505,213

1,823,569

2,116,187

3,939,756

–

30 Jun 24

1,200,000

467,280

1,667,280

2,629,590

4,296,870

(176,096)

Gavin Munroe

30 Jun 25

1,332,603

527,886

1,860,489

383,261

2,243,750

–

30 Jun 24

1,200,000

462,308

1,662,308

154,152

1,816,460

–

30 Jun 25

440,548

167,907

608,455

–

608,455

–

30 Jun 25

1,125,896

392,340

1,518,236

1,949,611

3,467,847

–

30 Jun 24

1,067,320

416,255

1,483,575

3,228,387

4,711,962

(170,247)

30 Jun 25

1,400,000

488,471

1,888,471

2,468,846

4,357,317

–

30 Jun 24

1,300,000

509,218

1,809,218

2,810,144

4,619,362

(184,511)
–

Kiersten Robinson

3

Vittoria Shortt 4
Angus Sullivan
Sinead Taylor 3

30 Jun 25

458,904

177,321

636,225

–

636,225

Mike Vacy-Lyle

30 Jun 25

1,325,000

545,122

1,870,122

2,280,034

4,150,156

–

30 Jun 24

1,225,000

455,425

1,680,425

2,780,290

4,460,715

(184,511)

30 Jun 25

664,521

309,157

973,678

1,709,402

2,683,080

–

30 Jun 24

950,000

349,072

1,299,072

2,128,793

3,427,865

(142,539)

Features

Approach

Purpose

Varies remuneration outcomes in line with annual performance achievement, with material
weighting to financial and non-financial outcomes across shareholder, customer, people
and leadership and strategy execution measures, incorporating both risk scorecard and values
assessments. Recognises both the ‘what’ and the ‘how’ of performance.

Participants

CEO, Group Executives and CEO ASB.

Opportunity

Target STVR: 75% of FR
Maximum STVR: 94% of FR (125% of target STVR)

Performance measures
and weightings

Individual STVR outcomes are determined on the basis of Group (or ASB for the CEO ASB)
performance and individual performance through a balanced scorecard. The performance
measures comprise a mix of financial and non-financial metrics linked to Group and business unit
targets, aligned to the Bank’s strategy with the weightings varied by role. More information on the
CEO’s STVR scorecard can be found on page 196.

Former Group Executives
Sian Lewis 5
Nigel Williams 5

3
4
5

917,671

417,247

1,334,918

2,711,916

4,046,834

–

1,450,000

521,402

1,971,402

3,056,226

5,027,628

(202,675)

Risk and values
assessment

For Gavin Munroe, this includes the portion of his cash and equity one-off awards which vested in the 2025 financial year.
Andrew Hinchliff was the Group Executive, Institutional Banking and Markets for the period of 1 July 2024 to 16 February 2025, and appointed as Group Chief
Risk Officer effective 17 February 2025.
Kiersten Robinson and Sinead Taylor commenced as KMP on 17 February 2025, remuneration reflects time in role.
Vittoria Shortt has an additional payment of $11,770 of KiwiSaver payable on her cash STVR component (FY24 amount was $12,488). Vittoria's remuneration
is paid in New Zealand dollars. The values shown are impacted by movements in exchange rates.
Sian Lewis and Nigel Williams ceased as KMP on 16 February 2025, remuneration reflects time in KMP role.

The FY21 LTVR is subject to further holding periods.

STVR awards for the CEO and Group Executives 4 are calculated as follows:
Scorecard
outcome

Opportunity
Fixed
remuneration
$

Deferral

x

Target STVR
opportunity
%

x

Performance
result % 6

Final
outcome

Risk and Reputation and
Values assessment
x

Risk and
Reputation
result

x

Values
result

=

Value of
adjusted
STVR award
$

50% of the STVR award is deferred and delivered in deferred shares that vest in equal tranches over
one and two years. Deferred STVR shares have rights to dividends paid during the deferral period.
All deferred STVR awards are subject to Board 5 risk and reputation review prior to vesting
and continuous service. The Board also retains discretion to apply malus or clawback
if considers appropriate.

1
2
3
4
5
6

Excluding support unit Group Executives, Group CRO and CEO ASB.
Includes Financial Services, Group Strategy, Human Resources, Legal and Group Secretariat, Marketing and Corporate Affairs, Operations and Technology.
The financial category comprises a risk and climate measure.
For the CEO ASB, reputation is not included in the modifier as it is contained in the customer measures of the scorecard.
‘Board’ is to be read as ASB Board in respect of discretion for the CEO ASB’s STVR outcomes.
The Board retains discretion to adjust scorecard outcomes.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

1

Performance outcomes determined through assessment of the balanced scorecard are subject
to the following gate/modifiers:

FINANCIAL REPORT

Calculation of awards

For the 2025 financial year, the awards vested1 values include:
• tranches of deferred STVR from the 2023 and 2022 financial years;
• the FY21 LTAR award (50% of the award for the CEO); and
• any one-off cash and equity awards.
(f) Previous years’ awards forfeited or lapsed: The value of all unvested deferred equity awards that were
forfeited or lapsed during the 2025 financial year as the performance or risk and reputation conditions were
not met. The value shown is based on VWACP of CBA’s ordinary shares over the five trading days preceding
the date of forfeiture or lapse.

50%
50–60%
80%
50%

• Values: the Board 5 has the discretion to adjust executive STVR outcomes on the basis
of an assessment of behaviours aligned with our values, where appropriate.

(a) Fixed remuneration: Base remuneration plus superannuation paid for the period as KMP, pro-rated as appropriate.
For the CEO ASB, contributions are made in line with the KiwiSaver employer contribution requirements.
(b) Cash STVR:
• For 2025: 50% of the 2025 financial year STVR (relates to performance during the 12 months to 30 June 2025).
• For 2024: 50% of the 2024 financial year STVR (relates to performance during the 12 months to 30 June 2024).

Vesting
(d) Deferred awards: The value of all deferred awards that vested during the period as KMP. The value for equity
of prior
awards shown is based on the volume weighted average closing price (VWACP) of CBA’s ordinary shares over
year awards
the five trading days preceding the vesting date.

Awards
forfeited
or lapsed

50%
40–50%
20%
50%

• Risk and Reputation 4: the Board 5 has discretion where appropriate to adjust executive STVR
outcomes through the executive risk scorecard. Executive risk scorecard assessments include
consideration of: risk culture and leadership; risk strategy/appetite; incidents and issues; the risk
and control environment; and risk milestones. The risk and reputation modifier also includes
consideration of trust and reputation outcomes that may warrant an adjustment to the risk and
reputation assessment. The risk and reputation modifier considers progress against the E&S
framework to provide a more direct link to remuneration.

Basis of preparation
Cash
payments

Financial

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

1
2

30 Jun 25
30 Jun 24

CEO and business unit Group Executives 1
Support unit 2 Group Executives
Group CRO
CEO ASB 3

Non-financial
(including customer,
people and leadership,
and strategy)

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

1,300,000

SUSTAINABILITY

30 Jun 25

CREATING VALUE

Cash STVR
b

Total cash
payments
c=a+b

Fixed
remuneration
a

Executive remuneration framework in detail

OVERVIEW

Previous
years' awards
forfeited or
lapsed
f

Total
remuneration
received
e=c+d

1.

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Remuneration report (continued)

204

205

Long-term alignment remuneration

LTAR – performance assessment

The table below outlines key features of the 2025 financial year LTAR for the executives. The LTAR was introduced in the 2021
financial year to retain an appropriate focus on both financial and non-financial outcomes and drive collective absolute focus
on the value of the Bank over time. The LTAR is subject to pre-grant and pre-vest assessments.

The following diagram illustrates the LTAR pre-grant and pre-vest assessments process to support robust decision making
when granting and vesting LTAR awards to executives.

Refer to page 213 for treatment of LTAR on cessation of employment.

Step 1

Approach

Purpose

Drives collective focus on increasing the value of CBA over time, and individual focus on sustained
people and leadership and strategy execution performance. The LTAR pre-grant and pre-vest
assessments are designed to focus the executives on non-financial performance, in particular people
and leadership.
CEO, Group Executives and CEO ASB.

Opportunity

Maximum opportunity of 70% of FR. The minimum potential outcome is zero.

Restriction
period

CEO: Subject to a four and five-year restriction period, 50% from 1 July 2024 to 30 June 2028 and
50% to 30 June 2029.

Pre-vest
assessment

The LTAR award value is subject to a pre-grant assessment with downward adjustments applied
to reflect material issues. The assessment considers future financial factors and individual non-financial
performance of people and leadership and strategy execution.
The LTAR award is subject to a pre-vest assessment with potential for downward adjustments applied
based on an assessment of non-financial performance over the restriction period. The assessment
considers people and leadership and strategy execution. Adjustments will be made for significant failures
resulting in adverse material impacts, taking into consideration the participants’ actions or response
to any matters identified.
The LTAR award is granted as RSUs. Each RSU entitles the participant to receive one CBA share
(or cash equivalent as determined by the Board) subject to the pre-vest assessment, malus review and
continuous service prior to vesting.
The number of RSUs granted is calculated as follows for the executives:
FR $
(at time of grant)

x

70%

No adjustment

• Non-formulaic trigger to Board discretion
• Likely to impact all participants

If potential material issues
identified

Consider whether LTAR
grant should be adjusted
downwards

÷

Share price $
(no discount applied)

=

Number of RSUs

The share price used was the VWACP of CBA’s ordinary shares over the five trading days up to
1 July 2024 ($127.21).

Key financial metrics are used to determine the forward-looking
financial assessment for the LTAR award, and may include,
but are not limited to dividend forecast, balance sheet and other
shareholder measures as set out in the CEO STVR scorecard.

Step 1

Refer to page 196.

Step 3

Step 2

Step 4

Threshold level individual non-financial performance
Determine if adjustment required as a result of individual
contribution to non-financial performance outcomes relating
to people and leadership and strategy execution.
• Formulaic trigger to consider if Board discretion is warranted
• Review on an individual level
Elements for consideration
• People and leadership performance outcome for prior
year’s STVR scorecard
• Strategy execution performance outcomes for prior
year’s STVR scorecard
• Thresholds set based on historical analysis, triggering
discretionary overlay where outcomes are poor

Step 1

Step 2

STVR scorecard outcomes
for people and leadership
or strategy execution
(non-financial)

Impact

Outcome >70% of target

No adjustment

Outcome between
50% and 70% of target

Consider whether LTAR
grant should be adjusted
downwards by up to 20%

Outcome <50% of target
(i.e. below threshold)

Consider whether LTAR
grant should be made

Step 3

Step 4

Board discretion to adjust grant value downwards based on Steps 1 and 2
Board to undertake assessment and apply judgement
based on Steps 1 and 2.

• Broader assessment of non-financial performance
not captured by STVR scorecard triggers

For every RSU that ultimately vests following the end of the restriction period and pre-vest assessment,
the executive will receive a payment equal to dividends paid by CBA over the restriction period/s in relation
to the vested RSUs. Participants will not receive any franking credits or value in lieu of franking credits.

• Non-formulaic Board determination

• Relevant context for prior year performance

• May apply to select or all participants

• Historical and potential future performance

Elements for consideration

Board
discretion

The Board has discretion to determine that some or all of unvested awards will lapse in certain
circumstances (malus) or apply clawback (repayments) to vested LTAR awards, including where, in the
opinion of the Board:

Non-exhaustive list of issues for Board consideration
and application of discretion may include:

• Whether performance outcome is already
appropriately impacting other elements of remuneration
components (e.g. STVR and LTVR)

• Vesting is not justified or supportable, having regard to the executive’s performance and/or conduct,
the performance of the business unit or function (as relevant having regard to the participant’s
accountability or role), or overall Group performance.

Step 2

Step 3

Step 4

Pre-vest assessment
Determine if any adjustments required based on a look-back
review over the LTAR restricted period.

• Executive actions and/or response to any matters identified in
Step 4, with consideration of external/internal operating context

• The Bank is required or entitled to reclaim remuneration or reduce an executive’s remuneration
outcome under law, regulation or Group policy.

• Non-formulaic Board determination

• A significant unexpected or unintended consequence or outcome has occurred which impacts the
Group, including where original expected performance outcomes have not been realised.

Elements for consideration

• Adequate reflection of matters across the remuneration
framework (e.g. STVR, LTAR pre-grant, deferred awards)
over the relevant period

• Vesting will impact on the financial soundness of the Group or a member of the Group.

• Review on an individual level
• Significant failures and resultant material adverse impacts
in people and leadership
• Relevant context including the Board-endorsed strategy
and people and leadership expectations

Inputs to support Board discretionary assessment
• Pre-grant LTAR assessments over the relevant period
• Board strategy reviews
• Indicators of people and leadership
• Any other inputs as relevant

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

• There is a significant failure of financial or non-financial risk management, breach of accountability,
fitness and propriety or compliance obligations.

Step 1

FINANCIAL REPORT

Dividends and/
or dividend
equivalents

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Maximum
face value
allocation
approach

If no material issues identified

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Instrument

Impact

SUSTAINABILITY

Pre-grant
assessment

Assessment outcomes

Determine if any adjustment required as a result of material
forward-looking financial considerations.

Elements for consideration

Group Executives and CEO ASB: Subject to a four-year restriction period from 1 July 2024 to 30 June 2028.

Step 4

CREATING VALUE

Participants

Forward-looking financial considerations

Step 3

OVERVIEW

Features

Step 2

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Remuneration report (continued)

206

207

Long-term variable remuneration

Performance measures

Approach

The table below outlines key features of the 2025 financial year LTVR for executives.

Relative TSR

Performance measure framework

Refer to page 213 for treatment of LTVR on cessation of employment.

Approach

Purpose

Varies remuneration outcomes in line with longer-term performance achievement, with
a focus on relative shareholder returns to support sustainable shareholder value over time.

Opportunity

The maximum face value of LTVR that can be granted to executives is 70% of FR.
The minimum potential outcome is zero.

Performance period

Subject to relative TSR performance over four years from 1 July 2024 to 30 June 2028.

Holding period

• CEO: PRs that vest after performance testing (vested PRs) will be exercised into ordinary
CBA shares, which remain subject to a further two-year holding period (to 30 June 2030).
• Group Executives: vested PRs will be exercised into ordinary CBA shares, which remain
subject to a further one-year holding period (to 30 June 2029).
• CEO ASB: PRs remain subject to a further one-year holding period (to 30 June 2029).
• 50% measured against a general ASX peer group.

Instrument

The LTVR award is granted as PRs. Each PR entitles the participant to receive one CBA share,
subject to vesting conditions.

Maximum face value
allocation approach

• 50% measured against a financial services peer group.

The number of PRs granted to executives is calculated as follows:
FR $
(at time of grant)

x

70%

÷

Share price $
(no discount applied)

=

Number of PRs

The share price used was the VWACP of CBA’s ordinary shares over the five trading days up to
1 July 2024 ($127.21).
PRs do not receive dividends (or dividend equivalent payments) in relation to the
performance period.
• CEO and Group Executives: Restricted shares subject to the holding period have rights
to dividends paid during the holding period.
• CEO ASB: For every PR retained during the holding period (following performance testing),
the CEO ASB will be entitled to receive a payment equal to dividends paid by CBA (not
including the value of franking credits).
The Board has discretion to determine that some or all of the unvested awards will lapse
in certain circumstances (malus) or apply clawback (repayments) to vested LTVR awards,
including where, in the opinion of the Board:
• Vesting is not justified or supportable, having regard to the executive’s performance and/or
conduct, the performance of the business unit or function (as relevant having regard to the
participant’s accountability or role), or overall Group performance.
• A significant failure of financial or non-financial risk management, breach of accountability,
fitness and propriety or compliance obligations.

Between the median and 75th percentile Pro-rata straight line vesting between 50% to 100%
At the median

50%

Below the median

0%

• The peer group is made up of the 20 largest companies on the ASX by market
capitalisation at the beginning of the performance period, excluding resources companies
and CBA. This cross-industry peer group has been chosen as it represents the typical
portfolio of companies in which CBA’s shareholders invest, and so provides relevant
benchmarks for measuring CBA’s TSR.

Calculation of results
Each company in the peer group will be given a percentile ranking based on the
growth in its TSR over the four-year performance period. TSR outcomes are calculated
by an external provider.

TSR relative to a general ASX peer group

• The peer group at the beginning of the performance period for the relative TSR
performance measure comprised (in alphabetic order):
– ANZ Group Holdings Limited

– QBE Insurance Group Limited

– Aristocrat Leisure Limited

– REA Group Ltd

– Brambles Limited

– Suncorp Group Limited

– Cochlear Limited

– Telstra Group Limited

– Coles Group Limited

– Transurban Group

– CSL Limited

– Wesfarmers Limited

– Goodman Group

– Westpac Banking Corporation

– James Hardie Industries PLC

– WiseTech Global Limited

– Macquarie Group Limited

– Woolworths Group Limited

– National Australia Bank Limited

– Xero Limited

A reserve bench company will be substituted (in order of market capitalisation as at the
beginning of the performance period) into the peer group when a peer group company
ceases to be listed on the ASX as a result of an acquisition, merger or other relevant
corporate action or delisting. The reserve bench (in order of market capitalisation)
comprised: Origin Energy Limited, ResMed Inc, Insurance Australia Group Limited,
Reece Limited and Fisher & Paykel Healthcare Corporation Limited.

TSR relative to a financial services peer group
• The peer group is made up of the eight most comparable financial services companies
listed on the ASX at the beginning of the performance period.
• The financial services peer group at the beginning of the performance period for the
relative TSR performance measure comprised:
– Macquarie Group Limited

– ANZ Group Holdings Limited

– National Australia Bank Limited

• The Bank is required or entitled to reclaim remuneration or reduce an executive’s
remuneration outcome under law, regulation or Group policy.

– Bank of Queensland Limited

– Suncorp Group Limited

– Bendigo and Adelaide Bank Limited

– Westpac Banking Corporation

• A significant unexpected or unintended consequence or outcome has occurred which impacts
the Group, including where original expected performance outcomes have not been realised.

There is no reserve bench for this peer group.
The companies comprising each peer group are subject to change at the Board’s discretion.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

– AMP Limited

• Vesting will impact on the financial soundness of the Group or a member of the Group.

FINANCIAL REPORT

Board discretion

100%

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Dividends and/or
dividend equivalents

• Relative TSR compares
the ranking of CBA’s TSR
over the performance
period with the TSR
of other companies
in a peer group.

At the 75th percentile or higher

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Performance measures
and weightings

• TSR measures share price
movement, dividends paid
and any return of capital
over a specific period.

Percentage of award subject to holding period

SUSTAINABILITY

CEO, Group Executives and CEO ASB.

Peer group ranking

CREATING VALUE

Participants

Under the LTVR, PRs are tested at year four and are subject to a further holding period. For
the CEO and Group Executives, the PRs will vest and be exercised to ordinary CBA shares
subject to the holding period. For the CEO ASB, the PRs will vest after the holding period has
expired subject to vesting conditions.

OVERVIEW

Features

• Relative TSR
provides a robust and
easily quantifiable
performance measure
with strong alignment
to shareholder value.

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Remuneration report (continued)

208

209

2.

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Remuneration report (continued)
Executive KMP statutory remuneration

Executive statutory remuneration accounting expense

Other 6
$

Superannuation 11
$

30 Jun 25
30 Jun 24

2,820,068

40,934

1,148,639

–

155,687

2,472,601

74,604

920,860

–

(29,421)

30 Jun 25

1,270,068

18,760

513,752

–

30 Jun 24

1,122,601

17,842

432,264

–

30 Jun 25

1,288,424

18,636

505,213

–

30 Jun 24

1,172,601

18,716

467,280

30 Jun 25

1,332,603

7,076

30 Jun 24

1,200,000

6,931

Kiersten Robinson

30 Jun 25

429,559

4,078

Vittoria Shortt 8

30 Jun 25

1,093,103

30 Jun 24

1,036,233

30 Jun 25
30 Jun 24

Long-term benefits

Share-based payments

Long-term 12
$

Deferred equity
(at risk) 13
$

LTAR equity
(at risk) 14
$

LTVR equity
(at risk) 14, 15, 16, 17
$

Total statutory
remuneration 18
$

29,932

195,604

1,047,762

1,952,520

1,112,230

8,503,376

27,399

65,095

1,011,765

1,631,088

994,499

7,168,490

54,517

29,932

123,705

474,930

906,539

510,235

3,902,438

(55,844)

27,399

38,253

458,842

834,969

458,125

3,334,451

62,603

29,932

87,220

487,368

917,130

516,372

3,912,898

–

8,918

27,399

58,866

474,762

848,394

465,526

3,542,462

527,886

–

619,567

–

11,410

525,703

632,084

731,504

4,387,833

462,308

–

700,447

–

8,751

466,464

379,710

266,072

3,490,683

167,907

–

291,727

10,989

1,635

65,259

43,804

78,911

1,093,869

11,200

392,340

–

45,597

44,563

(130,546)

408,072

824,334

463,927

3,152,590

11,084

416,255

–

89,980

43,575

39,416

440,374

776,451

549,213

3,402,581

1,370,068

7,076

488,471

–

(21,986)

29,932

58,223

507,658

1,010,162

568,306

4,017,910

1,272,601

6,931

509,218

–

(54,336)

27,399

45,140

522,635

962,090

527,269

3,818,947

CEO
Matt Comyn

Current Group Executives and CEO ASB
Alan Docherty
Andrew Hinchliff
Gavin Munroe

7

Angus Sullivan

30 Jun 25

447,915

6,964

177,321

–

93,486

10,989

23,221

154,976

278,223

166,621

1,359,716

Mike Vacy-Lyle

30 Jun 25

1,295,068

18,636

545,122

–

12,377

29,932

24,823

514,872

953,140

536,230

3,930,200

30 Jun 24

1,197,601

17,842

455,425

–

(6,840)

27,399

20,147

511,652

891,458

489,205

3,603,889

30 Jun 25

645,577

10,735

309,157

206,104

151,439

18,943

15,953

515,056

1,613,386

1,093,061

4,579,411

30 Jun 24

922,601

15,690

349,072

–

(13,716)

27,399

48,828

367,412

690,759

379,000

2,787,045

30 Jun 25

898,728

12,247

417,247

278,164

212,990

18,943

28,373

738,378

2,381,313

1,594,019

6,580,402

30 Jun 24

1,422,601

18,716

521,402

–

(27,183)

27,399

33,203

545,207

1,073,117

588,100

4,202,562

Former Group Executives
Sian Lewis 9, 10
Nigel Williams 9, 10

11 Superannuation contributions for Vittoria Shortt are made in line with the KiwiSaver employer contribution requirements (this includes the additional payment
of $11,770 payable on her cash STVR component).
12 Long service leave entitlements accrued during the year as well as the impact of changes to long service leave valuation assumptions, which are determined in
line with Australian Accounting Standards. For Vittoria, this includes the movement of her entitlements related to ASB leave benefits (ASB equivalent to long
service leave) and related payments for the period.
13 The value of deferred equity awards is allocated from the start of the performance period to vesting date. 2025 deferred STVR is expensed over the vesting
period commencing 1 July 2024. For Gavin Munroe this also includes the expense for his one-off equity award.
14 Includes additional RSUs (FY25 LTAR) and PRs (FY25 LTVR) granted to Andrew Hinchliff, Gavin Munroe and Sinead Taylor, which were made on the same
terms and conditions of the FY25 LTAR and LTVR awards granted in November 2024. The additional RSUs and PRs were granted as a result of FR increases
awarded during the 2025 financial year.
15 2025 financial year expense for the FY22 to FY25 LTVR awards.
16 The value of LTVR awards is allocated over each year in the performance period.
17 For Gavin Munroe, this includes his one-off PRs award.
18 The percentage of 2025 financial year remuneration related to performance was: Matt Comyn 62%, Alan Docherty 62%, Andrew Hinchliff 62%, Gavin Munroe
55%, Kiersten Robinson 33%, Vittoria Shortt 66%, Angus Sullivan 64%, Sinead Taylor 57%, Mike Vacy-Lyle 65%, Sian Lewis 82% and Nigel Williams 82%.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Base remuneration together with superannuation (post-employment benefit), or KiwiSaver for the CEO ASB, comprises fixed remuneration.
Total cost of salary, including cash salary, short-term compensated absences (including other leave benefits) and any salary sacrificed benefits for the period in
KMP role. For Matt Comyn, Andrew Hinchliff, Angus Sullivan and Gavin Munroe, this also includes costs in relation to their salary sacrificed motor vehicle.
3 Cost of car parking (including associated fringe benefits tax (FBT)). For Matt Comyn, this also includes costs in relation to a motor vehicle benefit.
4 KiwiSaver is payable on the CEO ASB’s cash STVR.
5 The deferred portion of Sian Lewis and Nigel Williams' FY25 STVR award was deferred in line with FAR requirements. Payment will be made in cash.
6 Includes company-funded benefits (including associated FBT where applicable) and the net change in accrued annual leave. For Kiersten Robinson and Sinead
Taylor, this includes costs relating to their housing allowance. For Gavin Munroe, this includes costs relating to his housing allowance and the FY25 expense for
his one-off cash award provided in compensation for awards foregone from his previous employer.
7 Gavin Munroe has elected to receive cash in lieu of employer superannuation contributions as the criteria has been met per the terms of his visa.
8 For Vittoria Shortt, remuneration was paid in New Zealand dollars. The values shown are impacted by movements in exchange rates.
9 Sian Lewis and Nigel Williams ceased as KMP on 16 February 2025, remuneration reflects time in role.
10 The equity values for Sian Lewis and Nigel Williams reflect the acceleration of the expensing of the unvested awards retained at cessation of employment,
relating to 2023 STVR (tranche 2), 2024 STVR, FY22 to FY25 LTAR and FY22 to FY25 LTVR awards. These amounts would have otherwise been included in
future year disclosures and relate to awards that will be assessed in the ordinary course at the end of the respective vesting periods and may not vest.

FINANCIAL REPORT

1
2

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Sinead Taylor

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Deferred STVR
(at risk) 5
$

SUSTAINABILITY

Non-monetary 3
$

Cash STVR
(at risk) 4
$

CREATING VALUE

Post-employment
benefits

Short-term benefits
Base
remuneration 1, 2
$

OVERVIEW

The following statutory table details the statutory accounting expense of all remuneration-related items for executive
KMP. This includes remuneration costs in relation to both the 2025 and 2024 financial years. The table is different from
the remuneration outcomes table on page 202, which shows the remuneration received in the 2025 financial year rather
than the accrual accounting amounts determined in accordance with the Australian Accounting Standards. The table has
been prepared and audited against the relevant Australian Accounting Standards. Refer to the footnotes below the table
for more detail on each remuneration component.

210

211

Movement in executive shares and other securities

1

The table below details the value and number of all equity awards that were granted or vested to or forfeited by executives
during their time in a KMP role in the 2025 financial year. It also shows the number of previous years’ awards that were vested,
forfeited or lapsed, and the movement in ordinary shareholdings for each individual during the 2025 financial year.

Equity Class 1

Units

Units

3

Awards vested during
2025 financial year 3
$

Units

Net change
Balance
other 4 30 Jun 25 5
$

Units

Units

CEO

Ordinary
Deferred STVR shares
LTAR restricted share units
LTVR performance rights

35,888
7,180
35,791
35,790

–
–
3,114 432,379
7,153 1,093,265
7,152 634,347

15,625
–
4,793
665,508
10,832 1,420,833
–
–

(27,327)
–
–
–

24,186
5,501
32,112
42,942

Ordinary
Deferred STVR shares
LTAR restricted share units
LTVR performance rights
Gavin Munroe 6, 7 Ordinary
Deferred STVR shares
LTAR restricted share units
LTVR performance rights
One-off deferred shares
One-off performance rights
Kiersten Robinson Ordinary
Deferred STVR shares
LTAR restricted share units
LTVR performance rights
Vittoria Shortt
Ordinary
Deferred STVR shares
LTAR restricted share units
LTVR performance rights
Angus Sullivan Ordinary
Deferred STVR shares
LTAR restricted share units
LTVR performance rights
Ordinary
Sinead Taylor 6
Deferred STVR shares
LTAR restricted share units
LTVR performance rights
Mike Vacy-Lyle Ordinary
Deferred STVR shares
LTAR restricted share units
LTVR performance rights

24,520
7,221
36,357
36,356
1,584
3,041
14,199
17,602
2,761
n/a
n/a
n/a
n/a
n/a
48,223
6,365
33,339
33,336
17,519
7,969
41,437
41,436
n/a
n/a
n/a
n/a
39,076
8,256
38,234
38,232

–
–
3,366 467,369
7,254 1,110,103
7,254 645,477
–
–
3,330 462,371
7,332 1,130,741
7,332 665,226
–
–
9,681 1,614,016
–
–
–
–
2,424 399,887
6,602 720,377
–
–
2,998 416,272
6,284 960,447
6,284 557,359
–
–
3,668 509,302
7,703 1,177,327
7,702 683,129
–
–
–
–
202
33,677
202
22,043
–
–
3,280 455,428
7,291 1,114,356
7,290 646,587

15,854
4,768
11,086
–
2,210
1,520
–
–
690
–
–
–
–
–
14,612
4,291
10,321
–
18,512
5,290
13,222
–
–
–
–
–
17,065
5,419
11,646
–

(15,854)
–
–
–
(2,404)
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
(19,100)
–
–
–
(18,512)
–
–
–
–
5,394
26,022
28,004
(32,141)
–
–
–

24,520
5,819
32,525
43,610
1,390
4,851
21,531
24,934
2,071
9,681
–
–
2,424
6,602
43,735
5,072
29,302
39,620
17,519
6,347
35,918
49,138
–
5,394
26,224
28,206
24,000
6,117
33,879
45,522

Current Group Executives and CEO ASB
Alan Docherty

Andrew
Hinchliff 6

5
6
7

Overview of unvested equity awards
All awards will be forfeited in circumstances of resignation or summary termination (awards will remain on foot for all other
circumstances of termination), and are subject to Board risk and reputation review, and malus and clawback provisions.
Details of minimum and maximum of the potential values of the awards granted in respect of previous years can be found
in CBA’s previous remuneration reports which are available at commbank.com.au/investors.
Details for awards granted in the 2025 financial year are provided on page 212.

–
662,037
1,454,151
–
–
211,052
–
–
99,995
–
–
–
–
–
–
595,805
1,353,806
–
–
734,517
1,734,330
–
–
–
–
–
–
752,428
1,527,606
–

Equity plan

Grant date

Start date 1

End date2

Measures and conditions

FY23 STVR CEO and GEs
FY24 STVR (incl. CEO ASB)

1 Sep 23

1 Jul 22

1 Sep 25

1 Sep 24

1 Jul 23

1 Sep 26

Two tranches vesting equally one and two years
after grant date.

FY22 LTAR

18 Nov 21

1 Jul 21

30 Jun 26

16 Nov 22

1 Jul 22

30 Jun 27

15 Nov 23

1 Jul 23

30 Jun 28

14 Nov 24

1 Jul 24

30 Jun 29

16 Nov 22

1 Jul 22

30 Jun 26

15 Nov 23

1 Jul 23

30 Jun 27

14 Nov 24

1 Jul 24

30 Jun 28

CEO

16 Nov 20

1 Jul 20

30 Jun 27

Two tranches with performance measured after
four years being:

GEs and
CEO ASB

16 Nov 20

1 Jul 20

30 Jun 26

• 50% TSR ranking relative to general ASX
peer group

CEO

18 Nov 21

1 Jul 21

30 Jun 28

• 50% TSR ranking relative to financial services
peer group

GEs and
CEO ASB

18 Nov 21

1 Jul 21

30 Jun 27

A further holding period of two and three years
is applied for the CEO, and one and two years
for the Group Executives and CEO ASB.

CEO

16 Nov 22

1 Jul 22

30 Jun 28

FY23 LTAR
FY24 LTAR

FY23 LTAR
FY24 LTAR
FY25 LTAR

FY21 LTVR

FY22 LTVR

FY23 LTVR

6,748
5,709
29,620
29,618
10,000
8,420
46,219
46,218

–
2,515
3,656
5,776
–
3,756
5,049
7,978

–
349,208
558,783
512,302
–
521,521
771,689
707,609

12,809
–
3,808
528,741
9,001 1,180,661
–
–
20,347
–
5,599
777,421
14,748 1,934,495
–
–

(15,089)
–
–
–
(30,347)
–
–
–

FY24 LTVR

n/a
n/a
n/a
n/a
n/a
n/a
n/a
n/a

FY25 LTVR

One-off
deferred
shares

GEs and
CEO ASB

Two tranches for each LTAR award vesting equally
four and five years after start date, subject to
pre-vest assessment for FY23, FY24 and FY25
awards.

One tranche vesting four years after start date,
subject to pre-vest assessment for FY23, FY24
and FY25 awards.

Two tranches with performance measured after
four years being:

GEs and
CEO ASB

16 Nov 22

1 Jul 22

30 Jun 27

CEO

15 Nov 23

1 Jul 23

30 Jun 29

GEs and
CEO ASB

15 Nov 23

1 Jul 23

30 Jun 28

• 50% TSR ranking relative to financial services
peer group

CEO

14 Nov 24

1 Jul 24

30 Jun 30

GEs and
CEO ASB

A further holding period of two years is applied
for the CEO, and one year for the Group
Executives and CEO ASB.

14 Nov 24

1 Jul 24

30 Jun 29

Gavin Munroe

14 Nov 22

n/a

8 Mar 28

• 50% TSR ranking relative to general ASX
peer group

Awards for compensation foregone from previous
employer which will vest subject to service. Three
tranches remain and will vest in equal portions
(as a percentage of total award) in March 2026,
2027 and 2028.

1

Start date refers to performance start date.

2

End date refers to the end of the deferral period for STVR, restriction period for LTAR and holding period for LTVR.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Nigel Williams

Ordinary
Deferred STVR shares
LTAR restricted share units
LTVR performance rights
Ordinary
Deferred STVR shares
LTAR restricted share units
LTVR performance rights

CEO

FY25 LTAR

Former Group Executives
Sian Lewis

Participants

FINANCIAL REPORT

76,260
12,080
81,639
93,336

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

(41,609)
–
–
–

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

22,389
–
10,692 1,484,584
11,697 1,534,295
–
–

SUSTAINABILITY

–
–
6,633 920,992
15,682 2,396,837
15,682 1,390,915

Ordinary
Deferred STVR shares
LTAR restricted share units
LTVR performance rights

CREATING VALUE

95,480
16,139
77,654
77,654

Matt Comyn

4

OVERVIEW

Balance
1 Jul 24

Acquired/granted
as remuneration
during the 2025
financial year 2

2

Ordinary shares include all CBA shares held by the executive's close family members or entities over which the executive or their close family member has,
either directly or indirectly, control, joint control, or significant influence. Deferred STVR shares represent STVR previously awarded under the executive
arrangements in prior years. LTVR PRs are subject to performance measures. LTAR RSUs granted from the 2023 financial year are subject to a pre-vest
assessment. The maximum potential value for unvested awards are subject to CBA share price at time of vesting.
Represents the maximum number of equity awards that may vest to each executive in respect of their time as KMP. The values represent the fair value at grant
date. The minimum potential value for the equity awards is zero. Approval was given for the issue of the CEO’s FY25 LTAR and LTVR awards under ASX Listing
Rule 10.14 at the 2024 Annual General Meeting.
Awards that vested during time in KMP role include: 100% of the FY21 LTAR award to Group Executives and CEO ASB and the first tranche of the FY21
LTAR award to the CEO (granted 16 November 2020), deferred STVR awards vested at 100% (tranches granted 1 September 2022 and 1 September 2023)
and one-off equity award vested at 100% (granted 14 November 2022). The value of the awards vested is calculated using VWACP for the five trading days
preceding the vesting date. Executives received one ordinary share in respect of each LTAR RSU that vested during the financial year.
Net change other incorporates changes resulting from purchases and/or sales of ordinary shares. For Sinead Taylor, this includes deferred STVR shares, RSUs and PRs
granted prior to her KMP appointment.
Deferred STVR shares, LTAR RSUs, LTVR PRs and one-off deferred shares are unvested as at 30 June 2025.
Includes additional RSUs (FY25 LTAR) and PRs (FY25 LTVR) granted as a result of FR increases awarded during the 2025 financial year. The awards are made
on the same terms and conditions of the FY25 LTAR and LTVR awards granted in November 2024.
Opening balance has been revised from 1,564 to 1,584 to include a correction to CBA ordinary shares.

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Remuneration report (continued)

212

213

Details for awards granted in the 2025 financial year

Executive employment arrangements

A face value allocation approach was used to determine the number of RSUs granted under the LTAR (refer to page 204)
and PRs granted under the LTVR (refer to page 206). The fair value of LTVR awards has been calculated using a Monte Carlo
simulation method. No amount is payable by executives on the issue or vesting of the RSUs and PRs of the LTAR or LTVR
awards respectively. As these awards are automatically exercised, they do not have an expiry date. The table below is provided
in accordance with statutory requirements.

The table below provides the employment arrangements for executives.
CEO

Group Executives

CEO ASB

Contract type 1

Permanent

Permanent

Permanent

Notice period

12 months

Six months

Six months

n/a 2

n/a 2

12 months 2

Performance measure

Grant date

Fair value
$

Weighting

FY24 STVR
deferred shares

Service

1 Sep 24

138.85

100%

1 Sep 26

n/a

STVR

FY25 LTAR
restricted share units
(CEO)

Service and pre-vest
assessment

50%

30 Jun 28

n/a

treatment
on termination

50%

30 Jun 29

n/a

FY25 LTAR
restricted share units
(Group Executives and
CEO ASB)

FY25 LTVR
performance rights
(Group Executives and
CEO ASB)

14 Nov 24

152.84

100%

30 Jun 28

n/a

Service and pre-vest
assessment

13 Feb 25

166.72

100%

30 Jun 28

n/a

Service and pre-vest
assessment

17 Feb 25

164.97

100%

30 Jun 28

n/a

92.23

50%

Relative TSR
(general ASX peer
group)

14 Nov 24

Relative TSR (financial
services peer group)
Relative TSR
(general ASX peer
group)

2

92.23

50%
30 Jun 28

Relative TSR (financial
services peer group)

85.16

Relative TSR
(general ASX peer
group)

112.47

treatment
on termination

30 Jun 30

30 Jun 29

50%

LTVR
treatment
on termination

50%

13 Feb 25

30 Jun 28

Relative TSR (financial
services peer group)

105.78

Relative TSR
(general ASX peer
group)

112.07

Service and
Technology priorities
performance measures

• Where an executive’s exit is related to any other reason (e.g. retrenchment, retirement, ill-health
separation, mutual agreement, death or termination on notice), unvested deferred STVR shares
will remain on-foot and will vest in the ordinary course, subject to the terms and conditions of the
award other than those relating to continuity of employment.

50%
30 Jun 29
30 Jun 28

106.16
13 Feb 25

166.72

• In the case of resignation or summary termination for cause before the end of the restriction
period, any restricted share units will lapse.
• Where an executive’s exit is related to any other reason (e.g. retrenchment, retirement, ill-health
separation, mutual agreement, death or termination on notice), the restricted share units will
remain on-foot and will vest in the ordinary course subject to the terms and conditions (other than
those relating to continuity of employment).
In general, unless otherwise determined by the Board:
• In the case of resignation or summary termination for cause, any performance rights will lapse.
• Where an executive’s exit is related to any other reason (e.g. retrenchment, retirement, ill-health
separation, mutual agreement, death or termination on notice), any unvested LTVR awards
continue on-foot with performance measured at the end of the performance period related to
each award (and with the award otherwise remaining subject to all terms and conditions other than
those relating to continuity of employment).
Executives who are summarily terminated for cause during the holding period will forfeit all
performance rights or ordinary CBA shares (as applicable) subject to the holding period. Where an
executive ceases for any other reason during the holding period, outstanding ordinary CBA shares or
performance rights (as applicable) will continue to remain on-foot for the original holding period(s).

50%

17 Feb 25

In general, unless otherwise determined by the Board and subject to law:

50%
100%

1 Jan 28

n/a

Additional PRs and RSUs were granted to Andrew Hinchliff, Gavin Munroe and Sinead Taylor on 13 February 2025, as a result of FR increases awarded during
the 2025 financial year. The awards are made on the same terms and conditions of the FY25 LTAR and LTVR awards granted in November 2024.
For Kiersten Robinson, the FY25 LTAR award granted was prorated to reflect time in role effective 17 February 2025.

Employees are prohibited from hedging, or otherwise limiting, their economic exposure to equity price risk in relation
to unvested equity-linked remuneration issued under any Group equity arrangement. CBA Board Directors, the CEO, Group
Executives and their associates must not hedge their exposure to vested Group securities. Breaches of this requirement may
result in disciplinary action, including the forfeiture and/or lapsing of unvested awards. Further details of hedging restrictions
are set out in the Group Personal Trading Policy, previously called the Group Securities Trading Policy.
The ASB Personal Trading Policy approved by the ASB Board sets out equivalent prohibitions against the hedging of Group
securities by ASB Directors (including the ASB CEO) and ASB employees.
The Group Personal Trading Policy is available at commbank.com.au/corporategovernance

Contracts for permanent employment continue until notice is given by either party.

2

Contractual severance pay is not offered in the CEO and Group Executive employment arrangements. The CEO and Group Executives (excluding CEO ASB)
remain entitled to statutory redundancy pay if retrenched. For the CEO ASB, contractual arrangements would apply, allowing for minimum 12 months’ base salary
(inclusive of notice) or a maximum of 64 weeks in accordance with ASB Policy.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Hedging policy

1

FINANCIAL REPORT

1

50%

14 Nov 24

Relative TSR (financial
services peer group)
One-off award
performance rights
(Gavin Munroe)

85.16

• Where an executive’s exit is related to retrenchment, retirement, ill-health separation, mutual
agreement, or death, the executive remains eligible (unless the Board determines otherwise) to be
considered for an STVR award with regard to actual performance against performance measures
(as determined by the Board in the ordinary course following the end of the performance period).

LTAR
30 Jun 28

• In the case of resignation or summary termination for cause before the end of the restriction
period, any deferred shares will be forfeited and the executive will not be eligible to be considered
for an STVR award for that year.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

FY25 LTVR
performance rights 1, 2

Service and pre-vest
assessment

In general, unless otherwise determined by the Board (or ASB Board in respect of the CEO ASB)
and subject to law:

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

FY25 LTVR
performance rights
(CEO)

152.84

Severance

SUSTAINABILITY

FY25 LTAR
restricted share units 1, 2

14 Nov 24

End of holding
period

CREATING VALUE

Equity plan

Assessment
period
end/final
vesting date

OVERVIEW

Contract term

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Remuneration report (continued)

214

215

3.

4.

Risk and remuneration adjustments

CBA’s risk assessment processes and remuneration framework are designed to promote accountability for taking risks we can
understand and manage, to be adaptive to the changing landscape of threats and opportunities and to support taking the right
risks, with a strong emphasis on customer outcomes, resilience, security and safety.

2023 financial year

2022 financial year

506 employees

542 employees

588 employees

Positive risk-related adjustments to senior
leaders’ STVR

20

20

24

Positive risk-related adjustments for all
other employees

485

521

557

Employees rated ‘exceptionally managed’ for risk 1

1,499 employees

1,918 employees

Downward risk-related adjustments to senior
leaders’ STVR

7

9

20

Downward risk-related adjustments for all
other employees

1,733

1

1,475

1,893

The figures for both positive and downward risk-related adjustments above do not total the number of employees rated ‘exceptionally managed’ and ‘partially
met’ or ‘not met’ for risk due to employee movements (including exits) between the time of performance review and finalised STVR outcomes.

In the 2024 financial year, 94.8% of employees were assessed as fully meeting risk expectations in their roles (95.3% in 2023).
STVR outcomes have been reduced by a minimum of 10% for ‘partially met’ ratings since the 2019 financial year and ranged
up to 100% reduction for ‘not met’ risk ratings.
During the 2025 financial year, CBA’s consequence management processes identified 1,959 instances (FY24: 2,259)
of substantiated misconduct, with 184 (FY24: 180) resulting in termination.
Additional details on our approach to sustainability can be found on page 68.

CBA’s performance and remuneration frameworks support effective risk management by holding employees individually
and collectively accountable for managing role-related risks, encouraging behaviour that aligns with the Group’s
values, performance management framework, and Code of Conduct. Employees are also required to complete Group
mandatory learning.

Progress against
MSR and deadline

Chair

Full year

87%

On track, 10 August 2027

Chair
Paul O’Malley
Current Non-Executive Directors
Lyn Cobley

Director

Full year

122%

Meets

Alistair Currie

Director

Part year

0%

On track, 31 March 2030

Julie Galbo

Director

Full year

72%

On track, 1 September 2026

Peter Harmer

Director

Full year

100%

Meets

Kate Howitt

Director

Part year

135%

Meets

Simon Moutter

Director

Full year

115%

Meets

Mary Padbury

Director

Full year

181%

Meets

Rob Whitfield AM

Director

Full year

136%

Meets

Director

Part year

n/a

n/a

Former Non-Executive Director
Anne Templeman-Jones 2
1
2

The percentage shown represents the individual’s percentage of CBA shares as a proportion of their individual base fees.
Anne Templeman-Jones retired as a Non-Executive Director on 16 October 2024.

Non-Executive Director fees
Non-Executive Directors receive fees as compensation for their work on the Board and the associated Committees
on which they serve. Non-Executive Directors do not receive any performance-related remuneration. The total amount
of Non-Executive Directors’ fees is capped at a maximum fee pool that is approved by shareholders. The current fee pool
is $4.75m, which was approved by shareholders at CBA’s 2015 Annual General Meeting on 17 November 2015.
Fees are reviewed and recommended to the Board at least every two years. The fees were last reviewed in the 2024
financial year and as a result, Board member fees increased to $260,000 (from $242,000) from 1 January 2024 to maintain
relative competitive alignment with peers. The Chair’s fees did not increase. Fees are inclusive of base fees and statutory
superannuation. The Chair does not receive separate Committee fees.
The following table outlines the Non-Executive Directors’ fees for the Board and the Committees for the period 1 July 2024 to
30 June 2025.
Board/Committee

Chair
$

Member
$

ELT risk assessments continue to be supported by executive risk scorecards, independent assessment by the Group CRO,
and the Board Committees meet concurrently as part of the interim and annual performance assessment processes.

Board

890,000

260,000

Audit Committee

70,000

35,000

Comprehensive reporting is provided to the Board to support its oversight of risk assessment and remuneration outcomes
and to inform the Board’s guidance for the annual performance and remuneration review.

Risk & Compliance Committee

70,000

35,000

People & Remuneration Committee

70,000

35,000

–

12,500

30,000

18,000

Malus and clawback

• Malus is applied to unvested deferred variable remuneration in relation to poor risk outcomes and/or misconduct. No malus
was applied during the 2024 financial year.
• To the extent in-year adjustments or malus are insufficient to satisfy remuneration consequences determined by the Board,
clawback may be applied to the variable remuneration awarded to the CEO, GEs, and other regulated roles of the Group
in line with regulatory requirements. The Board may exercise clawback in relation to these roles for at least two years from
the date of payment or vesting, including where the employment or engagement of the person has ceased.

United Kingdom Remuneration Assurance Committee (UK RAC) 2
1
2

The Chair of the Board is also the Chair of the Nominations Committee; no additional fee is paid for this.
Board members who also serve as members of the UK RAC receive fees in relation to this service, and these fees are set appropriately below fees for UK RAC
independent members given a small portion of UK RAC matters overlap with People & Remuneration Committee matters.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

• Malus (the ability to lapse/forfeit or reduce vesting of deferred variable remuneration) and clawback (the repayment
of variable remuneration that has been paid or vested) are embedded within our consequence management framework.

Nominations Committee 1

FINANCIAL REPORT

Group-wide risk assessment guidance including examples is regularly reviewed to set clear expectations of managing risks
for both employees and managers, and to help people leaders consistently assess risk behaviours and outcomes, determine
the appropriate level of STVR adjustments for not fully meeting expectations, and document the reasons for their assessment.

Current shareholding 1

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Risk assessment in performance and remuneration

Term as KMP

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

CBA recognises and rewards a cohort of employees rated ‘exceptionally managed’ for managing risk in a way that brings our
purpose and values to life. Everyday risk recognition continues to be incorporated in the Group-wide recognition platform,
providing our people with the ability to recognise positive risk behaviours.

Position

SUSTAINABILITY

1,740 employees

Employees rated ‘partially met’ or ‘not met’ for risk 1

Name

CREATING VALUE

2024 financial year

The table below outlines the Non-Executive Directors for the financial year ended 30 June 2025. Non-Executive Directors
are required to hold CBA shares equivalent to 100% of Board Chair fees for the Chair and 100% of Board member fees
for Non-Executive Directors. This is to be accumulated within five years commencing the later of 1 July 2019 or date
of appointment, valued with reference to the prevailing CBA share price at the relevant accumulation commencement date.
This is also the starting date for compliance with the revised MSR within five years. Progress against MSR for each individual is
shown in the table below.

OVERVIEW

The remuneration adjustments made in the 2024, 2023 and 2022 financial years provided below include senior leaders
(the ELT, Executive General Managers and General Managers) and all other employees eligible for a performance review.
The information below was shared with the Board in October for the respective financial year.

Non-Executive Director arrangements

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Remuneration report (continued)

216

217

Non-Executive Director statutory remuneration

Shares and other securities held by Non-Executive Directors

The statutory table below details individual statutory remuneration for Non-Executive Directors for both the 2025 and 2024
financial years. The table has been prepared and audited against the relevant Australian Accounting Standards. Refer to the
footnotes below the table for more detail on each remuneration component.

Details of the shareholdings and other securities as well as interests in registered schemes made available by CBA, or a related
body corporate of CBA held by Non-Executive Directors (or close family members or entities controlled, jointly controlled,
or significantly influenced by them, or any entity over which any of the aforementioned hold significant voting power) are set
out below relating to time in KMP role. All shares were acquired by Non-Executive Directors on normal terms and conditions
or through the Non-Executive Directors’ Share Plan (NEDSP). Other securities acquired by Non-Executive Directors were
on normal terms and conditions.

Post-employment
benefits

Share-based
payments

Cash
$

Superannuation
$

Non-Executive
Directors’
Share Plan 3
$

1

2

Total statutory
remuneration
$

Class

Paul O’Malley

Paul O’Malley
879,491

29,932

–

909,423

30 Jun 24

883,055

27,399

–

910,454

Lyn Cobley

Current Non-Executive Directors
Lyn Cobley
30 Jun 25

324,973

29,932

–

354,905

30 Jun 24

276,393

26,068

–

302,461

64,801

1,018

–

65,819

Julie Galbo
30 Jun 25

347,144

5,099

–

352,243

30 Jun 24

312,088

27,399

4,190

343,677

–

–

7,630

–

367,548

27,399

–

328,424

155,169

20,021

19,240

194,430

30 Jun 25

358,370

29,932

–

388,302

30 Jun 24

345,507

27,399

–

372,906

30 Jun 25

235,580

29,686

42,572

307,838

30 Jun 24

230,101

27,152

40,360

297,613

30 Jun 25

329,714

29,932

18,118

377,764

30 Jun 24

288,398

27,399

51,716

367,513

30 Jun 25

96,081

10,082

3,037

109,200

30 Jun 24

300,719

27,399

26,838

354,956

Kate Howitt
Simon Moutter 4

Mary Padbury

Rob Whitfield AM

Former Non-Executive Director
Anne Templeman-Jones 5

–

–

3,200

1,804

–

–

1,804

Ordinary

n/a

–

–

–

Julie Galbo

Ordinary

1,469

256

–

1,725

Peter Harmer

Ordinary

2,933

–

–

2,933

Kate Howitt 4

Ordinary

n/a

143

–

2,601

Simon Moutter

Ordinary

4,000

–

–

4,000

Mary Padbury

Ordinary

4,860

428

–

5,288

Rob Whitfield AM

Ordinary

3,758

214

–

3,972

Ordinary

2,975

75

–

n/a

Former Non-Executive Director

1
2
3

Incorporates shares and other securities acquired during the year. In the 2025 financial year, under the NEDSP, Kate Howitt acquired 106 shares, Mary Padbury
acquired 316 shares, Rob Whitfield acquired 214 shares, and Anne Templeman-Jones acquired 75 shares. No CBA PERLS were acquired during the year.
Net change other incorporates changes resulting from other transfers of securities.
Includes cumulative holdings of CBA PERLS.

4
5

Kate Howitt held 2,458 CBA shares and other securities prior to her appointment as a Non-Executive Director.
Anne Templeman-Jones retired as a Non-Executive Director on 16 October 2024.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Cash includes Board and Committee fees received as cash, as well as the provision of additional benefits (including associated fringe benefits tax).
Superannuation contributions are capped at the superannuation maximum contributions base as prescribed under the Superannuation Guarantee legislation.
The values shown in the table represent the post-tax portion of fees sacrificed under the Non-Executive Directors' Share Plan (NEDSP). The NEDSP facilitates
the pre-tax (to a maximum of $5,000 p.a.) and/or post-tax application of fees to the acquisition of shares. Shares under the NEDSP are granted on current
share price at grant date.
Simon Moutter has provided consulting services to the ASB Banking Limited Technology Advisory Group (ASB TAG) during the year. He received payment
(NZ$50,000 p.a. (prorated)) for these additional services, however, these amounts have not been included in the table above as they were not related to his
role and have no bearing on his remuneration as a Director of the Commonwealth Bank of Australia. Simon's consulting services to the ASB TAG ceased on
31 March 2025.
Anne Templeman-Jones retired as a Non-Executive Director on 16 October 2024.

3,200

CBA PERLS 3

FINANCIAL REPORT

29,932

301,025

Ordinary

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

337,616

30 Jun 24

5

7,630

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

30 Jun 25

Ordinary

Alistair Currie

Anne Templeman-Jones 5

Peter Harmer

4

Balance
30 Jun 2025

SUSTAINABILITY

Alistair Currie

1
2
3

Net change
other 2

CREATING VALUE

30 Jun 25

Current Non-Executive Directors

30 Jun 25

Acquired 1

Chair

Chair

30 Jun 25

Balance
1 Jul 2024

OVERVIEW

Short-term
benefits

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Remuneration report (continued)

218

219

5.

Directors’ report (continued)
Non-audit services

Loans and other transactions

Amounts paid or payable to PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) for audit, review, assurance and non-audit services provided
during the year, are set out in Note 12.3 to the Financial report on page 363.

Auditor’s Independence Declaration

All loans to KMP (including close family members or entities controlled, jointly controlled, or significantly influenced by them,
or any entities over which any of the aforementioned hold significant voting power) have been made in the ordinary course
of business on normal commercial terms and conditions no more favourable than those given to other employees, including
the term of the loan, security required and the interest rate (which may be fixed or variable). Loan interest for the financial year
may reflect reductions based on offset account balances. No loans were written down during the period.

We have obtained an independence declaration from our external auditor as presented on page 220.

The operation of the Group External Auditor Services Policy assists in ensuring the independence of the Group’s external auditor.

$

Opening balance (1 July 2024) 1

17,703,131

Closing balance (30 June 2025) 2

21,953,082

Interest charged (during 2025 financial year)

807,782

The Directors have considered the provision of non-audit services by PwC for the year ended 30 June 2025 and are satisfied
that, in accordance with the advice received from the Board Audit Committee, such services are compatible with the general
standard of independence for auditors and did not compromise the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations
Act 2001 (Cth). The reasons for this are as follows:
• the effective operation of the Group External Auditor Services Policy during the year to restrict the nature of non-audit
services engagements, to prohibit certain services and to require Board Audit Committee pre-approval for all such
engagements; and

Loans to KMP exceeding $100,000 in aggregate during the 2025 financial year

• the relative quantum of fees paid for non-audit services compared to the quantum for audit, and audit-related services
was appropriate.

Balance
1 Jul 2024 1
$

Interest
charged
$

Interest not
charged
$

Write-off
$

Balance
30 Jun 2025
$

Highest
balance
in period 2
$

Alan Docherty

4,420,206

222,123

–

–

5,763,083

5,913,853

Incorporation of additional material

Andrew Hinchliff

4,071,353

25,359

–

–

3,701,886

4,073,045

The following sections form part of this report and should be read in conjunction:

Angus Sullivan

4,575,211

234,980

–

–

6,420,535

8,382,106

19,634

2,752

–

–

52,851

128,936

• the Our approach to corporate governance section on pages 34–57;

2,793,291

44,546

–

–

1,000,356

2,811,865

Sinead Taylor

n/a

260,421

–

–

4,815,514

6,787,191

Vittoria Shortt

1,695,567

14,670

–

–

95,296

1,771,915

Total

17,575,262

804,851

–

–

21,849,521

29,868,911

Michael Vacy-Lyle

2

Opening balances at 1 July 2024 have been restated due to transactions being adjusted during the reporting period and corrections to loan amounts. For
Sinead Taylor, the opening balance has been noted as n/a as her commencement as KMP was post 1 July 2024.
Represents the sum of highest balances outstanding at any point during the 2025 financial year for each individual loan held by the KMP and their related parties.

• information on Directors’ shareholdings, share rights and options on pages 210 and 217;
• the Remuneration report can be found on pages 182–218;
• dividend information can be found in Note 8.4 to the Financial report on pages 301–302;
• non-audit services information can be found in Note 12.3 to the Financial report on page 363; and
• the external auditor’s independence declaration on page 220.
This Directors’ report is made in accordance with a resolution of the Directors.

Other transactions of KMP

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

1

The above Directors’ statements are in accordance with the advice received from the Audit Committee.
CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Matt Comyn

SUSTAINABILITY

Opening balance at 1 July 2024 has been revised due to transactions being adjusted during the reporting period and corrections to loan amounts.
The aggregate loan amount at the end of the reporting period includes loans issued to 17 KMP and their related parties.

The Audit Committee is satisfied that the provision of the non-audit services by PwC during the year is compatible with the
general standard of independence for auditors imposed by the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).

CREATING VALUE

The Audit Committee has considered the provision, during the year, of non-audit services by PwC, and has concluded that the
provision of those services did not compromise the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).

Total loans to KMP

1
2

Auditor independence

OVERVIEW

Loans to KMP

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Remuneration report (continued)

Financial instrument transactions

All such financial instrument transactions that have occurred between entities within the Group and KMP, their close family
members and entities controlled or significantly influenced by them, were in the nature of normal personal banking and
deposit transactions.

Paul O’Malley
Chairman

FINANCIAL REPORT

Financial instrument transactions (other than loans and shares disclosed within this report) with KMP, their close family
members and entities controlled or significantly influenced by them, occur in the ordinary course of business on normal
commercial terms and conditions no more favourable than those given to other employees.

Transactions other than financial instrument transactions

Dividend Equivalent Payment Accrual
Liability owing on dividend equivalent payments for the FY21 LTAR (relating to tranche 2 for the CEO), FY22-25 LTAR, and
FY21 LTVR awards accumulated over the restriction and holding period respectively was $4,591,476 as at 30 June 2025.
Details of the LTAR and LTVR awards can be found on pages 204–207.

Matt Comyn
Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer
13 August 2025

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

All other transactions with KMP, their close family members, related entities and other related parties are conducted
in the ordinary course of business on normal commercial terms and conditions no more favourable than those given to other
employees and customers. These transactions principally involve the provision of financial and investment services by entities
not controlled by the Group.

220

221
COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Auditor’s Independence Declaration

Financial
report
Financial statements

As lead auditor for the audit of the Commonwealth Bank of Australia for the year ended 30 June 2025, I declare that to the
best of my knowledge and belief, there have been:
(a) no contraventions of the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in relation to the audit; and
(b) no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.
This declaration is in respect of the Commonwealth Bank of Australia and the entities it controlled during the period.

224

Statements of Changes in Equity

225

Statements of Cash Flows

227

Notes to the financial statements

Other liabilities

287

7.1
7.2

Provisions
Bills payable and other liabilities

287
293

8.

Our capital, equity and reserves

294

Capital adequacy
Loan capital
Shareholders’ equity
Dividends

294
295
297
301

1.1

General information, basis of accounting,
changes in accounting policies and future
accounting developments

229

8.1
8.2
8.3
8.4

2.

Our performance

231

9.

Risk management

303

2.1
2.2
2.3
2.4
2.5
2.6
2.7

Net interest income
Average balances and related interest
Net other operating income
Operating expenses
Income tax expense
Earnings per share
Financial reporting by segments

231
233
239
241
243
246
247

9.1
9.2
9.3
9.4
9.5
9.6
9.7

Risk management framework
Credit risk
Market risk
Liquidity and funding risk
Disclosures about fair values
Collateral arrangements
Offsetting financial assets and
financial liabilities

304
311
327
330
335
340

3.

Our lending activities

252

3.1
3.2

Loans and other receivables
Loan impairment expense and provisions
for impairment

252
256

4.

Our deposits and funding activities

263

4.1
4.2

Deposits and other public borrowings
Liabilities at fair value through
income statement
Debt issues
Securitisation, covered bonds and
transferred assets

263
264
265

5.

Our investing, trading and other
banking activities

269

5.1
5.2

Cash and liquid assets
Receivables from and payables
to financial institutions
Assets at fair value through income statement
Derivative financial instruments and
hedge accounting
Investment securities

5.5

267

269
269
270
271
281

341

10. Employee benefits

345

10.1 Share-based payments
10.2 Retirement benefit obligations
10.3 Key management personnel

345
348
351

11. Group structure

353

11.1 Investments in subsidiaries and other entities 353
11.2 Related party disclosures
358
11.3 Business divestments and assets held for sale 359

12. Other

360

12.1 Contingent liabilities, contingent assets and
commitments arising from the banking business
12.2 Notes to the Statements of Cash Flows
12.3 Remuneration of auditors
12.4 Subsequent events

360
362
363
364

Consolidated Entity Disclosure Statement

365

Directors’ declaration

368

Independent auditor’s report

369

Additional information

377

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

229

FINANCIAL REPORT

Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.

7.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Level 11, 1PSQ, 169 Macquarie Street, Parramatta NSW 2150, PO Box 1155 Parramatta NSW 2124
T: +61 2 9659 2476, F: +61 2 8266 9999, www.pwc.com.au

283
286

Overview

5.3
5.4

One International Towers Sydney, Watermans Quay, Barangaroo NSW 2000, GPO BOX 2650, Sydney NSW 2001
T: +61 2 8266 0000, F: +61 2 8266 9999, www.pwc.com.au

Intangible assets
Other assets

1.

4.3
4.4

PricewaterhouseCoopers, ABN 52 780 433 757

6.1
6.2

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Sydney
13 August 2025

223

Balance Sheets

283

SUSTAINABILITY

Elizabeth O’Brien
Partner
PricewaterhouseCoopers

222

Statements of Comprehensive Income

Other assets

CREATING VALUE

Auditor’s Independence Declaration

Income Statements

6.

OVERVIEW

Contents

222
222

223
223

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025
Group
Note

Bank

Group

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 23

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

Interest income:

Net profit after income tax for the period from
continuing operations

Bank

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 23

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

10,133

9,481

10,096

10,692

8,613

43,182

56,713

52,396

Other interest income

2.1

3,690

3,647

1,293

3,689

3,710

2.1

(41,087)

(38,220)

(21,419)

(39,364)

(36,223)

Items that may be reclassified subsequently to
profit/(loss):

24,023

22,824

23,056

21,038

19,883

Foreign currency translation reserve net of tax

230

(35)

229

(4)

–

4,267

4,097

4,372

5,816

4,219

Gains/(losses) on cash flow hedging instruments net of tax

2,672

310

(961)

2,546

733

28,290

26,921

27,428

26,854

24,102

Losses on debt investment securities at fair value through
other comprehensive income net of tax

(200)

(464)

(229)

(156)

(463)

2,702

(189)

(961)

2,386

270

91

(168)

(12)

91

(166)

742

310

(430)

737

310

20

15

19

20

14

853

157

(423)

848

158

Other comprehensive income/(expense) net of income
tax from continuing operations

3,555

(32)

(1,384)

3,234

428

Total comprehensive income for the period from
continuing operations

13,688

9,449

8,712

13,926

9,041

Net loss after income tax from discontinued operations

(17)

(87)

(98)

–

–

13,671

9,362

8,614

13,926

9,041

Interest expense
Net interest income
Net other operating income ¹

2.3

Total net operating income before operating
expenses and impairment
Operating expenses

2.4

(13,015)

(12,337)

(12,079)

(11,717)

(11,130)

Loan impairment expense

3.2

(726)

(802)

(1,108)

(674)

(715)

14,549

13,782

14,241

14,463

12,257

2.5

(4,416)

(4,301)

(4,145)

(3,771)

(3,644)

10,133

9,481

10,096

10,692

8,613

(17)

(87)

(98)

–

–

10,116

9,394

9,998

10,692

8,613

Net profit before income tax
Income tax expense
Net profit after income tax from continuing
operations
Net loss after income tax from discontinued
operations
Net profit after income tax

11.3

1 Net other operating income is presented net of directly attributable fees and commission expenses, depreciation and impairment charges.

The above Income Statements should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

Other comprehensive income/(expense):

Total of items that may be reclassified
Items that will not be reclassified to profit/(loss):
Actuarial gains/(losses) from defined benefit
superannuation plans net of tax
Gains/(losses) on equity investment securities at fair value
through other comprehensive income net of tax
Revaluation of properties net of tax
Total of items that will not be reclassified

Total comprehensive income for the period attributable
to equity holders of the Bank

Earnings per share for profit attributable to equity holders of the Bank for the year:
Group
30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 23

The above Statements of Comprehensive Income should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

Cents per share
Group

Earnings per share from continuing operations:
606.1

566.6

597.5

Diluted

605.2

562.7

584.2

Basic

605.1

561.4

591.7

Diluted

604.2

557.8

578.7

Earnings per share:

Note

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 23

Cents per share

Dividends per share attributable to shareholders of the Bank:
Ordinary shares

8.4

485

465

450

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Basic

30 Jun 25

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

57,397

SUSTAINABILITY

61,420

CREATING VALUE

2.1

OVERVIEW

Effective interest income

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Statements of Comprehensive Income

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Income Statements

FINANCIAL REPORT
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

224
224

225
225

As at 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025
Group ¹
Note

Bank ¹

Group

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

Cash and liquid assets

5.1

83,819

83,080

78,542

78,255

$M

$M

$M

33,913

(2,295)

40,010

71,628

5

71,633

Receivables from financial institutions

5.2

7,604

5,862

7,827

5,428

Assets at fair value through income statement

5.3

96,370

79,033

95,498

79,194

Net profit after income tax from continuing
operations

–

–

9,481

9,481

–

9,481

Derivative assets

5.4

24,719

18,058

24,861

19,797

Net loss after income tax from discontinued
operations

–

–

(87)

(87)

–

(87)

At amortised cost

5.5

633

1,239

633

1,239

At fair value through other comprehensive income

5.5

107,018

96,774

97,131

87,847

11.3

10

870

10

3

Loans and other receivables

3.1

1,007,756

942,210

892,909

834,024

Shares in and loans to controlled entities

11.2

–

–

67,467

58,228

3,563

3,676

3,221

3,331

Investment securities:

Net other comprehensive income/(expense)
from continuing operations

–

136

(168)

(32)

–

(32)

–

136

9,226

9,362

–

9,362

Assets held for sale

(282)

–

–

(282)

–

(282)

–
–
(80)
84
–

–
(1)
–
–
13

(7,623)
–
–
–
(13)

(7,623)
(1)
(80)
84
–

–
–
–
–
(5)

(7,623)
(1)
(80)
84
(5)

Property, plant and equipment
Intangible assets

6.1

8,082

7,600

4,987

4,581

Deferred tax assets

2.5

2,599

3,771

2,239

3,443

Other assets

6.2

Total assets

11,626

11,903

10,903

10,560

1,353,799

1,254,076

1,286,228

1,185,930

33,635

(2,147)

41,600

73,088

–

73,088

Liabilities

Net profit after income tax from continuing
operations

–

–

10,133

10,133

–

10,133

Deposits and other public borrowings

4.1

937,857

882,922

852,304

802,882

Net loss after income tax from discontinued
operations

–

–

(17)

(17)

–

(17)

Payables to financial institutions

5.2

27,956

24,633

27,342

24,136

Net other comprehensive income from
continuing operations

Liabilities at fair value through income statement

4.2

49,842

47,341

48,709

46,911

–

3,464

91

3,555

–

3,555

Derivative liabilities

5.4

25,146

18,850

29,288

20,040

–

3,464

10,207

13,671

–

13,671

–

–

52,779

48,158

780

503

612

363

Due to controlled entities
Current tax liabilities

(18)
–
–
(136)
79
–

–
–
41
–
–
(116)

–
(7,949)
–
–
–
116

(18)
(7,949)
41
(136)
79
–

–
–
–
–
–
–

(18)
(7,949)
41
(136)
79
–

Deferred tax liabilities

2.5

64

111

64

111

Provisions

7.1

2,831

2,908

2,576

2,681

1,131

4,228

–

–

Term funding from central banks
Debt issues

4.3

170,509

144,530

142,506

120,834

Bills payable and other liabilities

7.2

19,934

19,024

19,343

18,102

33,560

1,242

43,974

78,776

–

78,776

1,236,050

1,145,050

1,175,523

1,084,218

Loan capital

8.2

Total liabilities
Net assets

38,973

35,938

38,968

35,931

1,275,023

1,180,988

1,214,491

1,120,149

78,776

73,088

71,737

65,781

Ordinary share capital

8.3

33,560

33,635

33,590

33,652

Reserves

8.3

1,242

(2,147)

1,298

(1,757)

Retained profits

8.3

43,974

41,600

36,849

33,886

78,776

73,088

71,737

65,781

Total shareholders' equity

Total comprehensive income for the period
Transactions with equity holders in their
capacity as equity holders:
Share buy-back ¹
Dividends paid on ordinary shares
Share-based payments
Purchase of treasury shares
Sale and vesting of treasury shares
Other changes
As at 30 June 2024

Total comprehensive income for the period
Transactions with equity holders in their
capacity as equity holders:
Share buy-back ²
Dividends paid on ordinary shares
Share-based payments
Purchase of treasury shares
Sale and vesting of treasury shares
Other changes
As at 30 June 2025

1 On 9 August 2023, the Group announced its intention to conduct an on-market share buy-back of up to $1 billion of CBA ordinary shares, with 2,588,964 ordinary
shares bought back at an average price of $108.84 per share ($282 million) during the year ended 30 June 2024. The shares bought back were subsequently cancelled.
2 On 14 August 2024, the Group announced a 12-month extension of the on-market share buy-back of up to $1 billion of CBA ordinary shares originally announced on
9 August 2023. During the year ended 30 June 2025, 118,000 ordinary shares were bought back at an average price of $151.98 per share ($18 million). The shares
bought back were subsequently cancelled.

The above Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

FINANCIAL REPORT

Shareholders' equity

As at 30 June 2023

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

$M

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

$M

Assets

Total
shareholders'
equity

SUSTAINABILITY

Total

Noncontrolling
interests

CREATING VALUE

Reserves

Retained
profits

OVERVIEW

Ordinary
share capital

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Statements of Changes in Equity

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Balance Sheets

1 Comparative information has been restated to conform to the presentation in the current year.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

The above Balance Sheets should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

226
226

227
227

For the year ended 30 June 2025
Bank
Ordinary
share capital

Reserves

Group ¹
Retained
profits

Total
shareholders'
equity

$M

$M

33,075

64,661

Net profit after income tax from continuing operations
Net other comprehensive income/(expense) from continuing operations

–
–

–
594

8,613
(166)

8,613
428

Total comprehensive income for the period
Transactions with equity holders in their capacity as equity holders:
Share buy-back ¹
Dividends paid on ordinary shares
Share-based payments
Purchase of treasury shares
Sale and vesting of treasury shares
Other changes

–

594

8,447

9,041

–
(7,623)
–
–
–
(13)

(282)
(7,623)
(1)
(66)
51
–

33,652

(1,757)

33,886

65,781

Net profit after income tax from continuing operations
Net other comprehensive income from continuing operations

–
–

–
3,143

10,692
91

10,692
3,234

Total comprehensive income for the period
Transactions with equity holders in their capacity as equity holders:
Share buy-back ²
Dividends paid on ordinary shares
Share-based payments
Purchase of treasury shares
Sale and vesting of treasury shares
Other changes

–

3,143

10,783

13,926

(18)
–
–
(103)
59
–

–
–
41
–
–
(129)

–
(7,949)
–
–
–
129

(18)
(7,949)
41
(103)
59
–

33,590

1,298

36,849

71,737

As at 30 June 2024

As at 30 June 2025

1 On 9 August 2023, the Group announced its intention to conduct an on-market share buy-back of up to $1 billion of CBA ordinary shares, with 2,588,964 ordinary
shares bought back at an average price of $108.84 per share ($282 million) during the year ended 30 June 2024. The shares bought back were subsequently cancelled.
2 On 14 August 2024, the Group announced a 12-month extension of the on-market share buy-back of up to $1 billion of CBA ordinary shares originally announced on
9 August 2023. During the year ended 30 June 2025, 118,000 ordinary shares were bought back at an average price of $151.98 per share ($18 million). The shares
bought back were subsequently cancelled.

The above Statement of Changes in Equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

30 Jun 24

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

Cash flows from operating activities
64,196

59,431

43,286

59,354

54,469

Interest paid

(40,405)

(34,843)

(18,212)

(38,396)

(32,893)

3,436

3,548

3,240

2,810

2,816

Expenses paid

(11,553)

(10,951)

(11,207)

(10,484)

(9,858)

Income taxes paid

(4,197)

(4,308)

(3,871)

(3,658)

(3,677)

Premiums received

–

–

183

–

–

Policy payments and commission expense

–

–

(208)

–

–

11,477

12,877

13,211

9,626

10,857

Purchases

(45,584)

(71,318)

(34,641)

(42,314)

(64,836)

Proceeds

41,123

60,055

30,050

38,262

55,832

Net (increase)/decrease in assets at fair value through
income statement

(1,211)

(11,000)

(36,874)

3,335

(11,296)

Net increase in loans and other receivables

(75,875)

(25,475)

(46,102)

(70,949)

(26,025)

(1,438)

(9)

1,230

(2,095)

29

6,687

(26,207)

34,690

6,785

(25,609)

Net increase in other assets

(1,110)

(532)

(943)

(1,370)

(531)

Net increase in deposits and other public borrowings

59,460

22,542

38,385

55,519

19,775

Net increase/(decrease) in payables to financial institutions

2,555

2,801

(5,258)

2,493

2,947

3,709

3,168

(34,996)

3,490

3,079

(1,251)

7,494

32,814

(1,954)

8,053

633

(19)

44

891

(87)

(12,302)

(38,500)

(21,601)

(7,907)

(38,669)

(825)

(25,623)

(8,390)

1,719

(27,812)

Other operating income received

Insurance business:

Cash flows from operating activities before changes in
operating assets and liabilities
Changes in operating assets and liabilities arising
from cash flow movements
Movement in investment securities:

Net (increase)/decrease in receivables from financial
institutions
Net decrease/(increase) in securities purchased under
agreements to resell at amortised cost

Net increase/(decrease) in securities sold under agreements
to repurchase at amortised cost
Net (decrease)/increase in other liabilities at fair value
through income statement
Net increase/(decrease) in other liabilities
Changes in operating assets and liabilities arising from
cash flow movements
Net cash (used in)/provided by operating
activities

12.2 (a)

FINANCIAL REPORT

1 It should be noted that the Group does not use these accounting Statements of Cash Flows in the internal management of its liquidity positions.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Interest received

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

–
–
(1)
–
–
13

30 Jun 25

SUSTAINABILITY

(282)
–
–
(66)
51
–

30 Jun 23

CREATING VALUE

$M

(2,363)

30 Jun 24

OVERVIEW

$M

33,949

As at 30 June 2023

Note

Bank ¹

30 Jun 25

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Statements of Cash Flows

For the year ended 30 June 2025

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Statements of Changes in Equity (continued)

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

228
228

229
229

For the year ended 30 June 2025
Group ¹
Note

Bank ¹

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 23

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

1
1.1

Cash flows from investing activities
(9)

–

–

–

Cash inflows from disposals of associates and joint ventures

156

–

–

156

–

(28)

(25)

(41)

(28)

(25)

–

123

567

–

188

138

94

95

2,027

1,126

Cash outflows from acquisitions of associates and joint
ventures
Cash inflows from disposal of controlled entities (net of cash
disposed of)
Dividends received
Net cash (paid to)/received from controlled entities ²
Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment
Purchases of property, plant and equipment
Purchases of intangible assets

–

–

(4,525)

1,595

25

74

50

8

(478)

(401)

(683)

(386)

(344)

(1,158)

(921)

(885)

(1,004)

(826)

(329)

(1,114)

(873)

(3,710)

1,722

Cash flows from financing activities

The Financial Report of the Commonwealth Bank of Australia (the Bank) and the Bank and its subsidiaries (the Group) for the year ended
30 June 2025, was approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 13 August 2025. The Directors have the power to
amend and reissue the financial statements.
The Bank is a for-profit entity incorporated and domiciled in Australia. It is a company limited by shares that are publicly traded on the
Australian Securities Exchange. The registered office is Commonwealth Bank Place South, Level 1, 11 Harbour Street, NSW 2000,
Australia.
The Financial Report includes the consolidated and standalone financial statements of the Group and the Bank, respectively. Notes
accompanying the financial statements, the consolidated entity disclosure statement and the Directors’ declaration form part of the
Financial Report.
On 5 March 2025, the Group announced the completion of the sale of its remaining 4.4% shareholding in Vietnam International
Commercial Joint Stock Bank (VIB) via Ho Chi Minh Stock Exchange.
On 10 June 2025, the Group announced the completion of the sale of its remaining 5.45% shareholding in Bank of Hangzhou Co., Ltd
(HZB) to New China Life Insurance Co., Ltd (NCI), a Beijing headquartered life insurance company dual listed on the Shanghai Stock
Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.

(18)

(282)

(2,533)

(18)

(282)

Dividends paid ³

(7,949)

(7,623)

(7,117)

(7,949)

(7,623)

There have been no other significant changes in the nature of the principal activities of the Group during the year.

Proceeds from issuance of debt securities

83,988

52,455

51,833

73,879

46,738

Basis of accounting

Redemption of debt securities

(67,125)

(30,910)

(49,329)

(59,579)

(22,194)

The Financial Report:

Maturity of term funding from central banks

(3,094)

(49,957)

(598)

–

(49,637)

(136)

(80)

(101)

(103)

(66)

Purchases of treasury shares
Proceeds from issuance of loan capital

5,285

5,155

7,665

5,300

5,151

Redemption of loan capital

(2,978)

(1,590)

(3,043)

(2,978)

(1,590)

• is a general purpose financial report;
• has been prepared in accordance with the Australian Accounting Standards and Interpretation issued by the Australian Accounting
Standards Board (AASB) and International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards
Board (IASB);
• has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth);
• is presented in Australian dollars, which is the Bank’s functional and presentation currency, with all values rounded to the nearest million
dollars ($M) in accordance with ASIC Corporations Instrument 2016/191 unless otherwise indicated;

(382)

(420)

(525)

(364)

(397)

Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities

7,591

(33,252)

(3,748)

8,188

(29,900)

Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

6,437

(59,989)

(13,011)

6,197

(55,990)

Effect of foreign exchange rates on cash and cash
equivalents

623

138

828

527

156

Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of year

47,321

107,172

119,355

42,896

98,730

• presents assets and liabilities on the face of the Balance Sheets in decreasing order of liquidity;

54,381

47,321

107,172

49,620

42,896

• where required, presents restated comparative information for consistency with the current year’s presentation in the Financial
Report; and

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of year

12.2 (b)

• includes foreign currency transactions that are translated into the functional currency on initial recognition, using the exchange rates
prevailing at the date of each transaction;
• has been prepared on a going concern basis using a historical cost basis, except for certain assets and liabilities (including derivative
instruments) measured at fair value;

1 It should be noted that the Group does not use these accounting Statements of Cash Flows in the internal management of its liquidity positions.
2 Amounts received from/(paid to) controlled entities are presented in line with how they are managed and settled.
3 Includes the dividend reinvestment plan (DRP) satisfied by on-market purchase and transfer of shares.

• contains accounting policies that have been consistently applied to all periods presented, unless otherwise stated.

The above Statements of Cash Flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

Re-segmentation

Changes in comparatives

Changes in disclosures
During the year ended 30 June 2025, the Group implemented the following changes in disclosures to enhance readability and consistency:

• The distribution by credit quality and expected credit losses stage in relation to credit cards is presented on a total committed exposure
basis. This was previously presented on an exposure at default basis.
• Disclosures of movements in provisions for loan impairment in Note 3.2 have been simplified with the impact of movements in credit
exposures now disclosed in a narrative description rather than in a tabular format.
• Deposits and other public borrowings in Note 4.1 are presented by interest bearing and non-interest bearing categories and by
transaction deposits, savings deposits, investment deposits and other demand deposits in line with the management product view of
deposits. Certificates of deposit and securities sold under agreements to repurchase balances that form part of other demand deposits
in the management product view are disclosed separately in Note 4.1.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

• Loans and other receivables including the distribution by credit quality and expected credit losses stage in Notes 3.1 and 9.2 are
presented by Home Loans, Consumer Finance and Business and Corporate portfolios in line with the management product view of the
lending portfolio.

FINANCIAL REPORT

During the year ended 30 June 2025, the Group made a number of re-segmentations, allocations and reclassifications including the
transfer of some customers between segments and refinements to the allocation of support unit costs. These changes have not impacted
the Group’s net profit but have resulted in changes to the presentation of the Income Statement and the Balance Sheet of the affected
segments. These changes have been applied retrospectively. Refer to Note 2.7 for further information.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Payments for the principal portion of lease liabilities

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Share buy-backs

SUSTAINABILITY

Net cash (used in)/provided by investing activities

–
1,041

General information

CREATING VALUE

–

General information, basis of accounting, changes in accounting policies and future
accounting developments
OVERVIEW

Cash outflows from acquisitions of controlled entities (net of
cash acquired)

Overview

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

For the year ended 30 June 2025

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Statements of Cash Flows (continued)

230
230

231
231

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

1.1

General information, basis of accounting, changes in accounting policies and future
accounting developments (continued)

These changes have been applied retrospectively and footnoted throughout the notes to the financial statements.
New and amended Australian Accounting Standards and Interpretations that are effective for the financial year beginning 1 July 2024 did
not result in significant changes to the Group’s accounting policies.

Future accounting developments
AASB Sustainability Reporting Standards

Amendments to AASB 9 Financial Instruments and AASB 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures

The amendments include guidance on the derecognition of financial liabilities that are settled using an electronic payment system and
guidance on assessing contractual cash flow characteristics of financial assets with environmental, social and corporate governance
(ESG) and similar features. The disclosure requirements for investments in equity instruments designated at fair value through other
comprehensive income have also been amended to include disclosure of the fair value gain or loss presented in other comprehensive
income during the period, showing separately the fair value gain or loss that relates to investments derecognised in the period and the
fair value gain or loss that relates to investments held at the end of the period. Disclosure requirements have also been added for financial
instruments with contingent features that do not relate directly to basic lending risks and costs.

Lending and deposit-taking are the Group’s primary business activities with net interest income being the main contributor to the Group’s
results. Net interest income is derived from the difference between interest earned on lending and investment assets and interest incurred
on customer deposits and wholesale debt raised to fund these assets.
The Group also generates income from lending fees and commissions and trading activities. It also incurs costs associated with running
the business such as staff, occupancy and technology related expenses.
Our performance section provides details of the main contributors to the Group’s returns and includes an analysis of its financial
performance by business segments and geographical regions.

2.1

Net interest income
Group
30 Jun 24

30 Jun 23

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

Loans and other receivables

52,842

46,895

35,820

46,030

40,228

Other financial institutions

236

290

206

217

258

Cash and liquid assets

3,362

4,831

4,115

3,163

4,438

47

83

101

47

84

4,933

5,298

2,940

4,453

4,781

–

–

–

2,803

2,607

61,420

57,397

43,182

56,713

52,396

3,584

3,539

1,190

3,551

3,539

Interest income
Effective interest income:

Investment securities:
At amortised cost
At fair value through other comprehensive income
Controlled entities
Total effective interest income
Other interest income:
Assets at fair value through income statement

AASB 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements

Other

–

–

44

72

108

103

94

99

Total other interest income

3,690

3,647

1,293

3,689

3,710

Total interest income

65,110

61,044

44,475

60,402

56,106

Deposits and other public borrowings

26,587

23,993

12,726

23,603

21,334

Other financial institutions

1,066

1,228

844

1,037

1,168

Liabilities at fair value through income statement

1,802

2,064

634

1,764

2,035

Interest expense

131

278

257

–

37

Debt issues

8,544

7,822

4,873

7,375

6,491

Loan capital

2,420

2,326

1,615

2,423

2,329

Lease liabilities

79

82

77

69

71

Bank levy

458

427

393

458

427

Term funding from central banks

–

–

2,635

2,331

41,087

38,220

21,419

39,364

36,223

Net interest income

24,023

22,824

23,056

21,038

19,883

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

–

Total interest expense

Controlled entities

FINANCIAL REPORT

There are no other new standards or amendments to existing standards that are not yet effective which are expected to have a material
impact on the Group’s financial statements.

–
106

Controlled entities

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

The amendments will be effective for the Group from 1 July 2026 and are required to be applied retrospectively. The Group continues to
assess the impact of adopting the amendments.
In June 2024, the AASB issued a new standard AASB 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements, which will be effective for
the Group from 1 July 2027 and is required to be applied retrospectively. AASB 18 will replace AASB 101 Presentation of Financial
Statements and introduces new requirements to improve entities’ reporting of financial performance and give investors a better basis for
analysing and comparing entities. These requirements aim to improve comparability in the income statement, enhance transparency of
management-defined performance measures and provide useful grouping of information in the financial statements. The Group continues
to assess the impact of adopting AASB 18.

Bank

30 Jun 25

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

In July 2024, the AASB issued AASB 2024-2 to amend AASB 9 Financial Instruments and AASB 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures in
order to address feedback from the International Accounting Standards Board’s 2022 Post-implementation Review of the classification
and measurement requirements in AASB 9 and related requirements in AASB 7.

The Group earns its returns from providing a broad range of banking products and services to retail and wholesale customers in Australia,
New Zealand and other jurisdictions.

SUSTAINABILITY

In September 2024, the Australian Accounting Standards Board (AASB) published AASB S1 General Requirements for Disclosure of
Sustainability-related Financial Information and AASB S2 Climate-related Disclosures. While the application of AASB S1 is voluntary,
compliance with AASB S2 is mandatory and will require the Group to disclose information about the governance, strategy, risk
management, and metrics and targets relating to all material climate-related risks and opportunities that could reasonably be expected to
affect the Group's cash flows, access to finance or cost of capital over the short, medium or long term. The Group continues to progress
its implementation of AASB S2. The disclosure requirements under AASB S2 are effective for the Group from the year ended 30 June
2026.

OVERVIEW

CREATING VALUE

New or amended accounting standards adopted in the financial year

Our performance

OVERVIEW

• Following changes in the nature of the Group’s business activities as a result of divestments, net other operating income disclosures in
note 2.3 have been simplified to reflect the material contributors to net other operating income. Income from equity investments including
share of results of associates, net of impairment, dividends from minority equity investments and gains/(losses) from business
divestments are presented in a single line; income from trading financial instruments is presented together with income from non-trading
financial instruments; net gains/ (losses) from sale of property, plant and equipment are presented in other income line. In addition,
investments in associates and joint ventures presented as a separate line item on the Group’s balance sheet in prior years, have been
included in other assets.

2

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

232
232

233
233

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

2.1

2.2

Net interest income (continued)

ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Average balances and related interest

The following information has been produced using statutory Balance Sheet and Income Statement categories. The tables below list the
major categories of interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities of the Group together with the respective interest earned or paid
and the average interest rate for the years ended 30 June 2025, 30 June 2024 and 30 June 2023. Interest is accounted for based on
product yields. Where assets or liabilities are hedged, the amounts are shown net of the impact of related hedges, but individual items not
separately hedged may be affected by movements in exchange rates and interest rates. The overseas component comprises overseas
branches of the Bank and overseas domiciled controlled entities of the Group. Non-accrual loans are included in interest earning assets
under loans and other receivables. During the year ended 30 June 2025, the official cash rate in Australia decreased by 50 basis points
to 3.85%, while the official cash rate in New Zealand dropped by 225 basis points to 3.25% (2024: 25 basis points increase for Australia
and no change for New Zealand; 2023: 325 basis points increase for Australia and 350 basis points increase for New Zealand).

Interest income on finance leases is recognised over the life of the lease, consistent with the outstanding investment and unearned income
balance.
Interest income and expense on financial assets and liabilities that are classified at fair value through the income statement are accounted
for on a contractual rate basis and include amortisation of premium/discounts.

Average
balance

Interest earning assets

30 Jun 24

Average
Interest
rate

Average
balance

30 Jun 23

Average
Interest
rate

Average
balance

Interest

Average
rate

$M

$M

%

$M

$M

%

$M

$M

%

Australia

53,452

2,256

4.2

75,988

3,243

4.3

103,720

2,942

2.8

Overseas

24,363

1,106

4.5

28,768

1,588

5.5

38,346

1,173

3.1

Cash and liquid assets

Receivables from financial institutions
58

2.4

2,280

79

3.5

2,590

49

1.9

3,878

178

4.6

3,545

211

6.0

4,793

157

3.3

Australia

52,258

2,314

4.4

48,665

2,023

4.2

27,956

831

3.0

Overseas

29,186

1,270

4.4

28,799

1,516

5.3

13,609

359

2.6

895

47

5.3

1,627

83

5.1

2,601

101

3.9

Australia

77,740

3,807

4.9

78,795

3,963

5.0

64,014

2,211

3.5

Overseas

23,171

1,126

4.9

23,162

1,335

5.8

17,024

729

4.3

Australia ¹

764,275

45,215

5.9

734,774

39,550

5.4

720,419

30,160

4.2

Overseas

122,096

7,733

6.3

117,954

7,453

6.3

116,182

5,763

5.0

1,153,684

65,110

5.6

1,144,357

61,044

5.3

1,111,254

44,475

4.0

Assets at fair value through income
statement:

Investment securities:
At amortised cost
Australia
At fair value through OCI

Loans and other receivables

Total interest earning assets and
interest income

FINANCIAL REPORT

1 Net of average mortgage offset balances that are included in non-interest earning assets. Average mortgage offset balances for the year ended 30 June 2025 were
$84,123 million (30 June 2024: $74,730 million; 30 June 2023: $69,717 million). While under the accounting standards loans and other receivables balances are
required to be presented on a gross basis, they are presented net of mortgage offset balances for the calculation of customer interest payments and the Group’s net
interest margin.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

2,370

Overseas

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Australia

SUSTAINABILITY

Interest expense also includes the Major Bank Levy (Bank Levy) expense and other financing charges.

Group
30 Jun 25

CREATING VALUE

Fees, transaction costs and issue costs integral to financial assets and liabilities are capitalised and included in the interest recognised
over the expected life of the instrument. This includes establishment fees for providing a loan or a lease arrangement. Facility and line
fees in relation to commitments made under credit facilities where drawdown is assessed as probable are considered an integral part of
the effective interest rate and are recognised in net interest income.

OVERVIEW

Interest income and interest expense on financial assets and liabilities measured at amortised cost, and debt financial assets measured
at fair value through other comprehensive income (OCI), are recognised using the effective interest method. Interest income recognition
for these categories of financial assets depends on the expected credit losses (ECL) stage they are allocated to in accordance with the
Group’s ECL methodology. For financial assets classified within Stage 1 and Stage 2 interest income is calculated by applying the effective
interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the assets. Interest income on financial assets in Stage 3 is recognised by applying the
effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount net of provisions for impairment. For details on the Group’s ECL methodology refer to
Note 3.2.

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

234
234

235
235

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

2.2

2.2

Average balances and related interest (continued)

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

Average balances and related interest (continued)

Group

Group ¹

Average balance

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 23

$M

$M

$M

Interest bearing liabilities

Property, plant and equipment
Australia

2,982

3,794

4,431

Overseas

534

816

426

Australia ¹

119,654

102,099

100,862

Overseas

20,400

20,823

21,663

Provisions for impairment
(5,403)

(5,171)

(4,748)

Overseas

(644)

(648)

(652)

137,523

121,713

121,982

Total non-interest earning assets
Assets held for sale
Australia

202

44

466

Overseas

567

626

–

Total assets

1,291,976

1,266,740

1,233,702

17.3

17.7

17.1

Percentage of total assets applicable to overseas operations (%)

Average
rate
%

Average
balance Interest
$M
$M

Average
rate
%

Transaction deposits
Australia ²

102,292

3,721

3.6

111,119

3,366

3.0

121,994

2,029

1.7

Overseas

10,319

370

3.6

9,619

423

4.4

10,073

297

2.9

Australia ²

280,632

8,342

3.0

256,993

6,769

2.6

241,025

3,039

1.3

Overseas

21,034

419

2.0

21,829

669

3.1

23,239

188

0.8

Australia

199,925

9,124

4.6

197,226

8,680

4.4

171,192

4,703

2.7

Overseas

47,228

2,385

5.0

43,262

2,036

4.7

33,729

1,015

3.0

Australia

22,477

965

4.3

27,505

1,089

4.0

32,839

450

1.4

Overseas

25,652

1,261

4.9

21,526

961

4.5

33,649

1,005

3.0

Saving deposits

Investment deposits

Certificates of deposits and other

Payables to
financial institutions
Australia

14,725

633

4.3

11,804

530

4.5

10,542

410

3.9

Overseas

10,009

433

4.3

12,705

698

5.5

12,657

434

3.4

Australia

13,392

581

4.3

15,726

875

5.6

10,510

370

3.5

Overseas

29,586

1,221

4.1

29,717

1,189

4.0

11,797

264

2.2

Liabilities at fair value through
income statement

Term funding from central banks
Australia

–

–

–

32,746

37

0.1

51,118

80

0.2

Overseas

2,923

131

4.5

4,499

241

5.4

4,481

177

4.0

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

1 For the purpose of reconciling total average assets, other assets include average mortgage offset balances as these balances are excluded from the average interest
earning assets. Average mortgage offset balances for the year ended 30 June 2025 were $84,123 million (30 June 2024: $74,730 million;
30 June 2023: $69,717 million).

Average
balance Interest
$M
$M

SUSTAINABILITY

Australia

Average
rate
%

30 Jun 23

CREATING VALUE

Other assets

Average
balance Interest
$M
$M

30 Jun 24

OVERVIEW

Non-interest earning assets

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

Debt issues
7,271

5.3

115,428

6,462

5.6

96,999

4,077

4.2

24,450

1,273

5.2

23,214

1,360

5.9

20,475

796

3.9

Australia

36,792

2,420

6.6

33,987

2,326

6.8

28,305

1,562

5.5

Overseas

–

–

–

–

–

–

1,252

53

4.2

Australia

2,114

68

3.2

2,328

69

3.0

2,530

65

2.6

Overseas

202

11

5.4

233

13

5.6

260

12

4.6

–

458

–

–

427

–

–

393

–

Total interest bearing liabilities and
982,224 41,087
interest expense

4.2

971,466 38,220

3.9

918,666 21,419

2.3

Loan capital

Lease liabilities

Bank levy
Australia

FINANCIAL REPORT

138,472

Overseas

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Australia

1 Comparative information has been restated to conform to the presentation in the current year.
2 Net of average mortgage offset balances that are included in non-interest bearing liabilities.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

236
236

237
237

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

2.2

2.2

Average balances and related interest (continued)
Average balance
30 Jun 24

30 Jun 23

$M

$M

$M

Australia ¹

183,768

176,298

191,151

Overseas

9,275

9,331

10,891

Deposits not bearing interest

24,535

21,696

23,764

Overseas

16,464

14,941

16,598

Total non-interest bearing liabilities

234,042

222,266

242,404

Australia

–

–

419

Overseas

–

488

–

1,216,266

1,194,220

1,161,489

75,710

72,520

72,213

1,291,976

1,266,740

1,233,702

16.2

16.0

15.4

Liabilities held for sale

Shareholders' equity
Total liabilities and shareholders' equity
Percentage of total liabilities applicable to overseas operations (%)
1 Includes average mortgage offset balances.

June 2024 vs June 2023

Volume

Rate

Total

Volume

Rate

Total

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

Australia

(951)

(36)

(987)

(1,184)

1,485

301

Overseas

(200)

(282)

(482)

(529)

944

415

Australia

2

(23)

(21)

(11)

41

30

Overseas

15

(48)

(33)

(74)

128

54

Australia

159

132

291

861

331

1,192

Overseas

17

(263)

(246)

800

357

1,157

(38)

2

(36)

(50)

32

(18)

Australia

(52)

(104)

(156)

743

1,009

1,752

Overseas

–

(209)

(209)

354

252

606

Australia

1,745

3,920

5,665

773

8,617

9,390

Overseas

262

18

280

112

1,578

1,690

526

3,540

4,066

1,766

14,803

16,569

Interest earning assets
Cash and liquid assets

Receivables from financial institutions

Assets at fair value through income
statement:
At amortised cost

At amortised cost
Australia
At fair value through OCI

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Investment securities:

SUSTAINABILITY

Australia

June 2025 vs June 2024

Changes in net interest income:
Volume and rate analysis

CREATING VALUE

Other liabilities

The following tables show the movement in interest income and expense due to changes in volume and interest rates from prior periods.
Volume variances reflect the changes in interest due to movements in the average balance. Rate variances reflect the change in interest
due to changes in interest rates. When the change cannot be isolated to either volume or rate, it has been allocated to volume. Volume
and rate variance for total interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities have been calculated separately (rather than being the
sum of the individual categories).

OVERVIEW

30 Jun 25

Total liabilities

Average balances and related interest (continued)

Changes in net interest income: volume and rate analysis

Group

Non-interest bearing liabilities

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

Loans and other receivables
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Changes in interest income

FINANCIAL REPORT
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

238
238

239
239

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

2.2

2.3

Average balances and related interest (continued)
June 2025 vs June 2024

Changes in net interest income:
Volume and rate analysis

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

Net other operating income

June 2024 vs June 2023 ¹

Group ¹

Bank ¹

Total

Volume

Rate

Total

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 23

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

Commission income

2,441

2,451

2,297

1,976

1,999

Commission expense ²

(342)

(335)

(317)

(290)

(281)

Net commission income

2,099

2,116

1,980

1,686

1,718

912

821

753

861

773

1,262

1,228

1,070

1,136

985

Net gain/(loss) from hedging ineffectiveness

7

(33)

1

68

(13)

Dividends from controlled entities

Interest bearing liabilities and loan capital
Transaction deposits
676

355

(329)

1,666

1,337

Overseas

25

(78)

(53)

(20)

146

126

Australia

703

870

1,573

421

3,309

3,730

Overseas

(16)

(234)

(250)

(43)

524

481

Australia

123

321

444

1,146

2,831

3,977

Overseas

200

149

349

449

572

1,021

Australia

(216)

92

(124)

(211)

850

Overseas

203

97

300

(541)

Australia

126

(23)

103

Overseas

(117)

(148)

Australia

(101)

Overseas

(5)

Australia ²
Overseas

Saving deposits

Investment deposits

Lending fees
Net income from trading and non-trading financial
instruments ³

–

–

1,888

1,033

(145)

(261)

328

154

(413)

Net insurance and funds management income

122

111

82

–

–

639

Other ⁶ ⁷

10

115

158

23

136

497

(44)

Total net other operating income

4,267

4,097

4,372

5,816

4,219

57

63

120

(265)

3

261

264

(193)

(294)

290

215

505

37

32

717

208

925

(37)

–

(37)

(21)

(22)

(43)

(71)

(39)

(110)

1

63

64

Australia

1,210

(401)

809

1,032

1,353

2,385

Overseas

64

(151)

(87)

160

404

564

Australia

184

(90)

94

389

375

764

Overseas

–

–

–

(53)

–

(53)

Australia

(7)

6

(1)

(6)

10

4

Overseas

(2)

–

(2)

(2)

3

1

Certificates of deposits and other

Payables to financial institutions

Liabilities at fair value through
income statement

Term funding from central banks

Debt issues

Loan capital

Lease liabilities

–

31

31

–

34

34

Changes in interest expense

450

2,417

2,867

2,077

14,724

16,801

Changes in net interest income

194

1,005

1,199

660

(892)

(232)

Australia

1 Comparative information has been restated to conform to the presentation in the current year.
2 June 2025 vs June 2024 RBA Term Funding Facility impacts allocated to volume due to maturity.

FINANCIAL REPORT

Bank levy

1 Comparative information has been restated to conform to the presentation in the current year.
2 Includes expenses directly attributable to commission income generation such as credit card loyalty programs, card processing and certain other volume
related expenses.
3 Includes gains and losses on non-trading derivatives that are held for risk management purposes.
4 Includes share of results of associates, net of impairments, dividends from other minority investments and gains/(losses) on disposal of investments and businesses
not classified as discontinued operations. For details on disposals of investments and businesses refer to Note 11.3.
5 The year ended 30 June 2025 includes a $222 million loss in relation to the sale of the Group’s 5.45% interest in Bank of Hangzhou. The year ended 30 June 2024
includes a $221 million loss in relation to the sale of the Group’s 99% interest in PT Bank Commonwealth.
6 The year ended 30 June 2025 includes a $61 million loss in relation to disposal of certain assets held as lessor (30 June 2024: $50 million).
7 The year ended 30 June 2025 includes $5 million depreciation in relation to assets held as lessor by the Group (30 June 2024: $58 million; 30 June 2023: $63 million)
and $5 million in relation to assets held as lessor by the Bank (30 June 2024: $4 million).

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

–

Share of results of associates and income from other equity
investments, net of impairment ⁴ ⁵

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

(321)

SUSTAINABILITY

Australia

CREATING VALUE

Rate

OVERVIEW

Volume

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

240
240

241
241

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For theFor
year
ended
June
the
year 30
ended
302025
June 2025

2.3

2.4

Net other operating income (continued)

Operating
expenses
2.5
Income
tax expense
The income tax expense for the year is determined from the profit before income tax as follows:

ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Group

Lending fees and commission income are accounted for as follows:

• commitment fees and fees in relation to guarantee arrangements are deferred and recognised over the life of the contractual
arrangements;

• the Group assesses whether the nature of the arrangement with its customer is as a principal provider or an agent of another party.
Where the Group acts as an agent for another party, the income earned by the Group is the net consideration received. As an agent,
the net consideration represents fee income for facilitating the transaction between the customer and the third party provider with the
primary responsibility for fulfilling the contract; and

Establishment fees on financing facilities are deferred and amortised to interest income over the expected life of the loan and are not
recognised when the commitment is issued.
Net income on trading and non-trading financial instruments represents both realised and unrealised gains and losses from changes in
the fair value of trading assets, liabilities and derivatives, which are recognised in the period in which they arise; and realised and
unrealised gains and losses from non-trading financial assets and liabilities, as well as realised and unrealised gains and losses on
non-trading derivatives that are held for risk management purposes.
Share of results of associates and income from other equity investments are accounted for as follows:
• dividend income on non-trading equity investments is recognised on the ex-dividend date or when the right to receive payment is
established; and
• the Group equity accounts for its share of the profits or losses of associate and joint venture investments, net of impairment recognised.
Dividends received are recognised as a reduction in the carrying amount of the investments.
Funds management fees are recognised over the service period as the performance obligation is met and when it is highly probable that
the performance fee will not reverse.

Prima
facie income tax at 30%
Share-based
compensation
Effect
Superannuation of amounts which are non-deductible/
(assessable) in calculating taxable income:
Total staff expenses
Offshore tax rate differential
Occupancy
and equipment
expenses
Taxation
offsets and
other dividend adjustments
Lease expenses
Effect of change in tax rates

$M

$M

$M

7,153 14,549 6,757 13,782 6,563 14,241 6,008
4,272
161 4,365 130 4,135 123
159
662
7,976
157

Depreciation
of property,
plant and provided
equipment
Income
tax under/(over)
in previous years
Other occupancy
expenses
Hybrid capital distributions

595

Total occupancy
Other and equipment expenses

957

Information
technology
services
Total
income tax
expense
System development
and
support
Effective ax rate (%)

$M

205

1,178

601
(109)
(7)
–
19

7,488

(99)

(4) 159
– 602

623
212

11

995

4,416

7,239

–

160

137

30.4

553

163 189
106 950

(63)
–
(6)
(178)

6,385
(65)

(63)

(573)

(330)

149
512

112

179

8

840

300

31.2 1,068
331

29.1 1,035
305

328

Communications

85

110

129

76

Amortisation and write-offs of software assets

683

685
Group

395

598

ordinarytechnology
activities services
Total information

11530 Jun 25
2,389

13230 Jun 24 113 30 Jun 23

$M 2,225

$M 2,036

– 147
19 534

137 181
(86) 862

139

3,721

145

Transaction
processing
and market data
Deferred
tax expense/(benefit)

97

7

107

Fees and commissions:
Total Australia
Professional
fees
Overseas

3,728
439

Current tax expense

88

AdvertisingDeferred
and marketing
tax benefit

313

Other income also includes the impact of foreign currency revaluations for foreign currency monetary assets and liabilities. These assets
and liabilities are translated at the spot rate at the balance sheet date. Exchange differences arising upon settling or translating monetary
items at different rates to those at which they were initially recognised or previously reported, are recognised in the Income Statement.

Non-lending
losses
Total
overseas
ImpairmentIncome
of investments
in subsidiaries
tax expense
attributable to profit from

290

Other

Other

ordinary activities

–
308

26.1 890
272

29.7

98
585

Bank

100 30 Jun 25 113 30 Jun 24

$M 2,114

$M
1,958

3,583

122

3,593 133

3,386

(128)

78

30 84

147

3,641

3,623

3,455

92

666

(30)

297

(6) 262

92

688

208
251

660 274
–
4,301
371

3,533

373

360

697

80

150 83

116

(7)

266

(2) 248

(5)

690

249

148 177

–

8

403

4,145

765

3,771

595

1,674

1,510

1,633

1,933

1,688

Operating expenses before separation and transaction
costs

12,996

12,218

11,858

11,676

10,893

19

119

221

41

237

13,015

12,337

12,079

11,717

11,130

Total operating expenses

111
3,644

FINANCIAL REPORT

Total other expenses

Separation and transaction costs

$M

93

144

718

4,416

206
3,644

3,497 138

410

–

(5)

163

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Other income includes rental income on operating leases which is recognised on a straight-line basis over the lease term. This income is
presented net of depreciation and impairment expense on the associated operating lease assets held by the Group.

(4)

3,771

Australia
Other expenses
Postage and
stationery
Current
tax expense

3,677

6,789

Infrastructure and support

IT equipment
depreciation
Income
tax expense attributable to profit from

12,257

563

4,145

1 Comparative information has been restated to conform to the presentation in the current year.

14,463
5,693
4,339 129

622

4,301
998

$M

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Net hedging ineffectiveness is measured on fair value, cash flow and net investment hedges.

Staff expenses
Profit
before
income tax
Salaries and
related
on-costs

SUSTAINABILITY

• commission income is presented net of directly attributable incremental external costs. Directly attributable incremental costs are the
costs that would not have been incurred if a specific service had not been provided to a customer. These costs include the costs
associated with credit card loyalty programs which are recognised as an expense when the services are provided on the redemption of
points, cards processing expenses and certain other volume related expenses.

30 Jun 24
30 Jun 23
30 Jun 25
30 Jun 24
Group ¹
Bank ¹
$M30 Jun 25
$M30 Jun 24
$M 30 Jun 23
$M 30 Jun 25 $M 30 Jun 24

CREATING VALUE

• fee income is earned for providing advisory or arrangement services, placement and underwriting services. These fees are recognised
when the related service is completed which is typically at the time of the transaction;

Bank

30 Jun 25

OVERVIEW

• facility fees earned for managing and administering credit and other facilities for customers are generally charged to the customer on a
monthly or annual basis and are recognised as revenue over the service period. Annual fees that are not an integral part of the effective
interest rate are deferred on the Balance Sheet in bills payable and other liabilities and recognised on a straight-line basis over the year.
Transaction based fees are charged and recognised at the time of the transaction;

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

NotesNotes
to thetoFinancial
Statements
the Financial
Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

242
242

243
243

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

2.4

2.5

Operating expenses (continued)

ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Income tax expense

The income tax expense for the year is determined from the profit before income tax as follows:

Salaries and related on-costs include annual leave, long service leave, employee incentives and relevant taxes. Salaries and related
on-costs are recognised over the period the employee renders the service. Long service leave is discounted to present value using
assumptions relating to staff departures, leave utilisation and future salary.

Occupancy and equipment expenses include depreciation which is calculated using the straight-line method over the asset’s estimated
useful life. Right-of-use assets are depreciated over the shorter of the lease term or the useful life of the underlying asset, with the
depreciation presented within depreciation of property, plant and equipment.

Software as a Service (SaaS) arrangements are service contracts providing the Group with the right to access the provider’s application
software over the contract period. Costs incurred to configure or customise, and the ongoing fees to obtain access to the provider's
application software, are recognised as operating expenses when the services are received. Costs incurred for the development of
software code that enhances, modifies or creates additional capability to existing on-premises systems and meets the recognition criteria
for an intangible asset are capitalised and amortised over their estimated useful life.

Other expenses are recognised as the relevant service is rendered. Operating expenses related to provisions are recognised for present
obligations arising from past events where a payment to settle the obligation is probable and can be reliably estimated.

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

Profit before income tax

14,549

13,782

14,241

14,463

12,257

Prima facie income tax at 30%

4,365

4,135

4,272

4,339

3,677

Effect of amounts which are non-deductible/
(assessable) in calculating taxable income:
(109)

(99)

(63)

(65)

(63)

Taxation offsets and other dividend adjustments

(7)

–

–

(573)

(330)

Effect of change in tax rates

–

(4)

(6)

–

(4)

Offshore tax rate differential

Income tax under/(over) provided in previous years

19

–

(178)

19

(5)

Hybrid capital distributions

137

163

112

137

163

11

106

8

(86)

206

Total income tax expense

4,416

4,301

4,145

3,771

3,644

Effective tax rate (%)

30.4

31.2

29.1

26.1

29.7

Other

1 Comparative information has been restated to conform to the presentation in the current year.

Group

Income tax expense attributable to profit from
ordinary activities

30 Jun 23

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

3,721

3,497

3,583

3,593

3,386

7

144

(128)

30

147

3,728

3,641

3,455

3,623

3,533

Current tax expense

718

666

697

150

116

Deferred tax benefit

(30)

(6)

(7)

(2)

(5)

Total overseas

688

660

690

148

111

4,416

4,301

4,145

3,771

3,644

Australia
Current tax expense

Actuarial valuations of the Group’s defined benefit superannuation plans’ obligations are dependent on a series of assumptions set out in
Note 10.2, including inflation rates, discount rates and salary growth rates. Changes in these assumptions impact the fair value of the
plans’ obligations, assets, superannuation expense and actuarial gains and losses recognised in Other Comprehensive Income.

Total Australia

Refer to Note 6.1 for more information on the judgements and estimates associated with goodwill.

Deferred tax expense/(benefit)
Overseas

Income tax expense attributable to profit from
ordinary activities

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

30 Jun 24

Critical accounting judgements and estimates

Measurements of the Group’s share-based compensation is dependent on assumptions, including grant date fair values. Information on
these is set out in Note 10.1.

Bank

30 Jun 25

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

The Group assesses at each balance sheet date, useful lives and residual values of capitalised software assets and property, plant and
equipment and whether there is any objective evidence of impairment. If an asset’s carrying value is greater than its recoverable amount,
the carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount.

30 Jun 23

SUSTAINABILITY

IT services expenses are recognised as incurred when the related services are delivered, unless they qualify for capitalisation as computer
software because they are identifiable and controlled in a way that allows future economic benefits to be obtained and others' access to
those benefits can be restricted. Capitalised computer software assets are amortised over their estimated useful life.

Bank ¹

30 Jun 24

CREATING VALUE

Superannuation expense includes expenses relating to defined contribution and defined benefit superannuation plans. Defined
contribution expense is recognised in the period the service is provided, whilst the defined benefit expense, which measures current and
past service costs, is determined by an actuarial calculation.

Group ¹
30 Jun 25

OVERVIEW

Share-based compensation includes plans which may be cash or equity settled. Cash settled share-based remuneration is recognised as
a liability and re-measured to fair value until settled. The changes in fair value are recognised as staff expenses. Equity settled
remuneration is fair valued at the grant date and amortised to staff expenses over the vesting period, with a corresponding increase in the
employee compensation reserve.

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

FINANCIAL REPORT
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

244
244

245
245

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

2.5

2.5

Income tax expense (continued)
Group
30 Jun 25
$M

Unrecognised deferred tax assets and liabilities

Bank

30 Jun 24
$M

30 Jun 23
$M

30 Jun 25
$M

Income tax expense (continued)

30 Jun 24
$M

As at 30 June 2025, the Group had unrecognised deferred tax liabilities relating to undistributed profits of subsidiaries of $20 million
(30 June 2024: $12 million).

Amounts recognised in the income statement:
841

660

709

Tax consolidation

Provision for employee benefits

632

579

575

592

536

Provisions for impairment on loans and other receivables

1,826

1,791

1,729

1,651

1,618

The amount receivable by the Bank under the tax funding agreement was $93 million as at 30 June 2025 (30 June 2024: $93 million).
This balance is included in other assets on the Bank’s Balance Sheet.

Other provisions not tax deductible until expense incurred

430

428

579

387

409

ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Defined benefit superannuation plan

348

356

364

348

356

Income tax on the profit or loss for the period comprises current and deferred tax.

Unearned income

136

127

147

136

126

Intangible assets

149

191

219

120

190

Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted at the balance sheet date, and any
adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.

Other

78

112

148

56

48

4,313

4,344

4,602

3,950

3,992

The amount of deferred tax recognised is based on the expected manner of realisation or settlement of the carrying amount of assets and
liabilities (i.e. through use or through sale), using tax rates which are expected to apply when the deferred tax asset is realised or the
deferred tax liability is settled.

Cash flow hedge reserve

72

640

859

2

525

Other reserves

277

348

271

259

349

Total amount recognised directly in other
comprehensive income

349

988

1,130

261

874

The Group recognised and disclosed separate deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities arising from arrangements where the Group
is a lessee. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset where they relate to income tax levied by the same taxation authority on either
the same taxable entity or different taxable entities within the same taxable group and where there is a legal right and intention to settle
on a net basis.

Total deferred tax assets (before set off)

4,662

5,332

5,732

4,211

4,866

Set off to tax

(2,063)

(1,561)

(1,921)

(1,972)

(1,423)

Net deferred tax assets

2,599

3,771

3,811

2,239

3,443

Total amount recognised in the income statement
Amounts recognised directly in other comprehensive
income:

Deferred tax liability balances comprise temporary
differences attributable to:

Deferred tax is calculated using the balance sheet method where temporary differences are identified by comparing the carrying amounts
of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes to their tax bases.

The Bank and its wholly owned Australian subsidiaries elected to be treated as a single entity (“the tax consolidated group”) under the tax
consolidation regime from 1 July 2002. The members of the tax consolidated group have entered into tax funding and tax sharing
agreements, which set out the funding obligations and members.
Any current tax assets and liabilities and deferred tax assets from unused tax losses from subsidiaries in the tax consolidated group are
recognised by the Bank legal entity and funded in line with the tax funding arrangement.
The measurement and disclosure of deferred tax assets and liabilities have been performed on a modified stand-alone basis under UIG
1052 Tax Consolidation Accounting.

Amounts recognised in the income statement:
639

729

537

589

Lease financing relating to lessor activities

117

117

103

113

82

Intangible assets

56

56

57

56

56

Financial instruments

21

27

22

8

8

Investments in associates

87

171

170

86

170

Other

57

61

88

37

34

The Group has applied the mandatory temporary exception for Pillar Two deferred taxes under AASB 112 Income Taxes and has not
recognised or disclosed information about deferred tax assets and liabilities related to Pillar Two income taxes.

Total amount recognised in the income statement

922

1,071

1,169

837

939

Critical accounting judgements and estimates

Amounts recognised directly in other comprehensive
income:
Revaluation of properties

113

109

99

113

109

–

2

–

–

575

7

81

569

1

Defined benefit superannuation plan

513

474

546

513

474

4

11

112

4

11

1,205

601

840

1,199

595

Investment securities revaluation reserve
Total amount recognised directly in other
comprehensive income
Total deferred tax liabilities (before set off)

2,127

1,672

2,009

2,036

1,534

Set off to tax

(2,063)

(1,561)

(1,921)

(1,972)

(1,423)

64

111

88

64

111

Net deferred tax liabilities

Pillar Two legislation is effective for the Group from 1 July 2024. Based on the assessment performed, the Group has recognised a
current tax expense of $2 million in the year ended 30 June 2025.

Provisions for taxation require significant judgement with respect to outcomes that are uncertain. For such uncertainties, the Group has
estimated the tax provisions based on the expected outcomes. A deferred tax asset is only recognised to the extent that it is probable that
future taxable profits will be available for it to be used against.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

–

Cash flow hedge reserve

Foreign currency translation reserve

In December 2021, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) published the Global Anti-Base Erosion
Pillar Two Model Rules (Pillar Two) which are designed to ensure large multinational enterprises pay a minimum level of tax of 15% in
each of the jurisdictions where they operate.

FINANCIAL REPORT

584

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules

Right-of-use assets

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

760

SUSTAINABILITY

714

CREATING VALUE

Lease liabilities

OVERVIEW

Deferred tax asset balances comprise temporary
differences attributable to:

As at 30 June 2025, the Group and the Bank had unrecognised deferred tax assets relating to unused tax losses of $1 million (30 June
2024: $22 million). The Group and the Bank had unrecognised deferred tax assets relating to unused capital losses of nil (30 June 2024:
$20 million). Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of these losses because it is not considered probable that future
taxable profit would be available against which they can be realised.

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

246
246

247
247

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

2.6

2.7

Earnings per share

The principal activities of the Group are carried out in the business segments described below. These segments are based on the
distribution channels through which customer relationships are managed.

Group ¹
30 Jun 25

Earnings per ordinary share ²

Financial reporting by segments

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 23

Cents per share

606.1

566.6

597.5

Diluted

605.2

562.7

584.2

The Group’s primary sources of revenue are interest and fee income (Retail Banking Services, Business Banking, Institutional Banking
and Markets and New Zealand) and funds management income (New Zealand).

Basic

605.1

561.4

591.7

Diluted

604.2

557.8

578.7

Revenues and expenses occurring between segments are subject to transfer pricing arrangements. All intra-group transactions are
eliminated on consolidation.

Earnings per share:

1 The difference between earnings per share from continuing operations and total earnings per share is due to the losses attributable to discontinued operations.
2 EPS calculations are based on actual amounts prior to rounding to the nearest million.

Group
30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 23

$M

$M

$M

Profit after income tax from continuing operations

10,133

9,481

10,096

Continuing operations earnings used in calculation of basic earnings per share

10,133

9,481

10,096

–

559

418

10,133

10,040

10,514

Add: Profit impact of assumed conversions of loan capital
Continuing operations earnings used in calculation of fully diluted earnings per share

Retail Banking Services provides banking products and services to personal and private bank customers helping them to manage their
everyday banking needs, buy a home or invest for the future. Retail Banking Services includes the financial results of retail banking
activities conducted under the Bankwest and Unloan brands.

(ii) Business Banking

Continuing operations earnings used in calculation of basic earnings per share

10,133

9,481

10,096

Discontinued operations losses used in calculation of basic earnings per share

(17)

(87)

(98)

Earnings used in calculation of basic earnings per share

10,116

9,394

9,998

Add: Profit impact of assumed conversions of loan capital

–

559

418

10,116

9,953

10,416

Institutional Banking and Markets provides a full range of domestic and global financing and banking services to large corporate,
institutional and government clients. These services include access to debt capital markets, risk management, transaction banking,
sustainable finance, structured capital solutions and working capital delivered through dedicated product and industry specialists, as well
as tailored research and data analytics.

(iv) New Zealand
New Zealand includes the banking and funds management businesses operating in New Zealand under the ASB brand. ASB provides a
range of banking, wealth and insurance products and services to its personal, business and rural customers in New Zealand.

Number of shares (in millions)

Weighted average number of ordinary shares used in calculation of basic earnings
per share
Effect of dilutive securities – executive share plans and convertible loan capital instruments

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 23

1,672

1,673

1,690

3

111

110

1,675

1,784

1,800

ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Basic earnings per share (EPS) amounts are calculated by dividing the net profit for the year attributable to ordinary equity holders of the
Bank by the weighted average number of ordinary shares on issue during the year, adjusted for any bonus element included in ordinary
shares issued and excluding treasury shares held.

Centrally held minority investments and subsidiaries include the Group’s minority investment in Qilu Bank and domestically held minority
investments in Lendi Group Pty Limited, Superannuation and Investments Hold Co Pty Limited as well as the strategic investments in
x15ventures.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Diluted EPS is basic EPS adjusted for the impact of all securities on issue that can convert to the Bank’s ordinary shares and would dilute
basic EPS on conversion. It is calculated by dividing net profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the Bank (after adding back interest
on convertible loan capital instruments) by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year (as calculated
under basic earnings per share adjusted for the effects of dilutive convertible loan capital instruments and shares issuable under executive
share plans).

Treasury is responsible for the management of interest rate risk and foreign exchange risk inherent in the Group’s balance sheet. Treasury
also manages the Group’s wholesale funding and the Group’s prudential liquidity and capital requirements.

FINANCIAL REPORT

Weighted average number of ordinary shares used in calculation of fully diluted earnings
per share

30 Jun 25

Corporate Centre and Other include the results of the Group’s centrally held minority investments and subsidiaries, Group-wide
remediation costs, investment spend including enterprise-wide infrastructure and other strategic projects, employee entitlements, and
unallocated revenue and expenses relating to the Bank’s support functions including Treasury, Investor Relations, Group Strategy, Legal
and Corporate Affairs and Group-wide elimination entries arising on consolidation.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

(v) Corporate Centre and Other

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Business Banking serves the banking needs of business, corporate and agribusiness customers across the full range of financial services
solutions. It also provides equities trading and margin lending services through the CommSec business. Business Banking also includes
the financial results of business banking activities conducted under the Bankwest brand.

(iii) Institutional Banking and Markets

Reconciliation of earnings used in calculation of earnings per share

Earnings used in calculation of fully diluted earnings per share

(i) Retail Banking Services

SUSTAINABILITY

Reconciliation of earnings from continuing operations
used in calculation of earnings per share

Business segments are managed on the basis of net profit after income tax (“cash basis”). Management uses “cash basis” to assess
performance and it provides the basis for the determination of the Bank’s dividends. The “cash basis” presents the Group’s underlying
operating results, excluding a number of items that introduce volatility and/or one-off distortions of the Group’s current period performance.
These items, such as hedging and IFRS volatility, are calculated consistently year on year and do not discriminate between positive and
negative adjustments.

CREATING VALUE

Basic

OVERVIEW

Earnings per share from continuing operations:

During the year ended 30 June 2025, there were re-segmentations, allocations and reclassifications, including the transfer of some
customers between the Retail Banking Services, Business Banking and Institutional Banking and Markets segments, and refinements to
the allocation of support unit costs. These changes have not impacted the Group’s net profit, but have resulted in changes to the
presentation of the Income Statements and the Balance Sheets of the affected segments. These changes have been applied
retrospectively.

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

248
248

249
249

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

2.7

2.7

Financial reporting by segments (continued)

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

Financial reporting by segments (continued)

30 June 2025
Retail

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

30 June 2024 ¹

Institutional

Corporate

Retail

Institutional
Business
Banking

Banking and
Markets

New
Zealand

Centre and
Other

Corporate
Total

Banking and
Markets

New
Zealand

Centre and
Other

Total

Banking
Services

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

11,468

7,981

1,554

2,616

404

24,023

11,114

7,491

1,458

2,491

270

22,824

1,288

423

215

191

(18)

2,099

1,283

397

197

223

16

2,116

Lending fees

256

360

268

28

–

912

Lending fees

236

330

227

28

–

821

Trading and other income

127

340

768

178

18

1,431

Trading and other income

147

339

650

183

94

1,413

Total other operating income

1,671

1,123

1,251

397

–

4,442

Total other operating income

1,666

1,066

1,074

434

110

4,350

Net interest income
Other operating income:
Net commission income

Net interest income
Other operating income:
Net commission income

Total operating income

13,139

9,104

2,805

3,013

404

28,465

Total operating income

12,780

8,557

2,532

2,925

380

27,174

Operating expenses

(5,136)

(2,901)

(1,147)

(1,300)

(2,512)

(12,996)

Operating expenses

(4,919)

(2,704)

(1,075)

(1,197)

(2,323)

(12,218)

(274)

(353)

(49)

(55)

5

(726)

(319)

(437)

3

(64)

15

(802)

Loan impairment (expense)/benefit

Loan impairment (expense)/benefit

7,729

5,850

1,609

1,658

(2,103)

14,743

Net profit/(loss) before tax

7,542

5,416

1,460

1,664

(1,928)

14,154

Corporate tax (expense)/benefit

(2,334)

(1,758)

(385)

(460)

446

(4,491)

Corporate tax (expense)/benefit

(2,277)

(1,626)

(336)

(466)

387

(4,318)

Net profit/(loss) after tax from continuing
operations – "cash basis"

5,395

4,092

1,224

1,198

(1,657)

10,252

Net profit/(loss) after tax from continuing
operations – "cash basis"

5,265

3,790

1,124

1,198

(1,541)

9,836

–

–

–

–

1

1

–

–

–

–

11

11

5,395

4,092

1,224

1,198

(1,656)

10,253

Net profit after tax from discontinued
operations
Net profit/(loss) after tax – "cash basis" ¹

7

19

(43)

–

(173)

(190)

Hedging and IFRS volatility

–

–

–

220

(167)

53

5,402

4,111

1,181

1,418

(1,996)

10,116

Net profit/(loss) after tax – "statutory basis"
Additional information

Net profit/(loss) after tax – "cash basis" ²

5,265

3,790

1,124

1,198

(1,530)

9,847

Loss on acquisition, disposal, closure
and demerger of businesses

–

–

(37)

–

(433)

(470)

Hedging and IFRS volatility

–

–

–

151

(134)

17

5,265

3,790

1,087

1,349

(2,097)

9,394

(234)

(106)

(46)

(151)

(903)

(1,440)

Net profit/(loss) after tax – "statutory basis"
Additional information

(132)

(48)

(148)

(787)

(1,393)

Total assets

556,889

267,346

213,352

125,777

190,435

1,353,799

Total assets

521,670

247,676

188,608

116,496

179,626

1,254,076

Total liabilities

425,400

230,110

272,150

111,685

235,678

1,275,023

Total liabilities

390,994

218,787

250,444

103,720

217,043

1,180,988

Balance Sheet

Amortisation and depreciation
Balance Sheet

1 This balance excludes non-cash items, such as unrealised gains and losses relating to hedging and IFRS volatility, and gains and losses on previously announced
divestments including post-completion adjustments (such as purchase price adjustments, and finalisation of accounting adjustments for goodwill and foreign currency
translation reserve recycling), and transaction and separation costs.

1 Comparative information has been restated to conform to the presentation in the current year.
2 This balance excludes non-cash items, such as unrealised gains and losses relating to hedging and IFRS volatility and gains and losses on previously announced
divestments.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

(278)

Amortisation and depreciation

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Gain/(loss) on acquisition, disposal, closure
and demerger of businesses

Net profit after tax from discontinued
operations

SUSTAINABILITY

Net profit/(loss) before tax

CREATING VALUE

Business
Banking

OVERVIEW

Banking
Services

FINANCIAL REPORT
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

250
250

251
251

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

2.7

2.7

Financial reporting by segments (continued)

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

Financial reporting by segments (continued)

30 June 2023 ¹
Retail

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

Group ¹

Institutional

Corporate

Geographical Information
Financial performance and position

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 23

Banking
Services

Business
Banking

Banking and
Markets

New
Zealand

Centre and
Other

Total

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

11,696

7,230

1,459

2,617

54

23,056

1,152

419

201

220

(12)

1,980

Lending fees

206

311

206

28

2

753

Trading and other income

70

303

575

176

222

1,346

Total other operating income

1,428

1,033

982

424

212

4,079

Total operating income

13,124

8,263

2,441

3,041

266

27,135

Operating expenses

(4,730)

(2,599)

(1,045)

(1,148)

(2,336)

(11,858)

Loan impairment (expense)/benefit

(587)

(492)

36

(59)

(6)

(1,108)

Net profit/(loss) before tax

7,807

5,172

1,432

1,834

(2,076)

14,169

Corporate tax (expense)/benefit

(2,339)

(1,553)

(364)

(510)

669

(4,097)

1 Information is presented on a continuing operations basis.
2 Other locations include: United Kingdom, the Netherlands, United States, Japan, Singapore, Hong Kong, Indonesia, China and India.
3 Non-current assets include property, plant and equipment, investments in associates and joint ventures and intangibles.

Net profit/(loss) after tax from continuing
operations – "cash basis"

5,468

3,619

1,068

1,324

(1,407)

10,072

The geographic segment represents the location in which the transaction was recognised.

–

–

–

–

18

18

Net profit/(loss) after tax – "cash basis" ²

5,468

3,619

1,068

1,324

(1,389)

10,090

Operating segments are reported based on the Group’s organisational and management structure. Senior management review the
Group’s internal reporting based on these segments, in order to assess performance and allocate resources.

Gain/(loss) on acquisition, disposal, closure
and demerger of businesses

181

–

–

–

(265)

(84)

–

–

–

(204)

196

(8)

All transactions between segments are conducted on an arm’s length basis, with inter-segment revenue and costs eliminated in the
‘Corporate Centre and Other’ segment.

5,649

3,619

1,068

1,120

(1,458)

9,998

Other operating income:
Net commission income

1 Comparative information has been restated to conform to the presentation in the current year.
2 This balance excludes non-cash items, such as unrealised gains and losses relating to hedging and IFRS volatility, and gains and losses on previously announced
divestments.

$M

%

Australia

23,312

82.4

22,225

82.6

23,035

84.0

New Zealand

3,418

12.1

3,402

12.6

3,367

12.3

Other locations ²

1,560

5.5

1,294

4.8

1,026

3.7

Total Income

28,290

100.0

26,921

100.0

27,428

100.0

Income

Non-current assets ³
11,509

92.3

12,075

93.3

12,717

89.7

New Zealand

855

6.9

752

5.8

776

5.5

Other locations ²

100

0.8

120

0.9

677

4.8

12,464

100.0

12,947

100.0

14,170

100.0

Australia

Total non-current assets

ACCOUNTING POLICIES

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Net profit after tax – "statutory basis"

%

SUSTAINABILITY

Hedging and IFRS volatility

$M

CREATING VALUE

Net profit after tax from discontinued
operations

%

OVERVIEW

Net interest income

$M

DIRECTORS’ REPORT
FINANCIAL REPORT
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

252
252

253
253

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

3

3.1

Our lending activities

ACCOUNTING POLICIES

OVERVIEW

This section provides details of the Group’s lending portfolio by product type and geographic region, an analysis of the credit quality of
the Group’s lending portfolio and the related impairment provisions.

Group ¹

Bank ¹
30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

$M

$M

$M

$M

Home loans ² ³

633,865

596,346

627,448

589,614

Consumer finance

15,665

15,336

15,665

15,336

Business and corporate loans ⁴

237,606

220,652

237,331

220,375

Total Australia

887,136

832,334

880,444

825,325

Home loans ² ³

73,997

68,355

53

82

Consumer finance

1,422

1,426

–

–
15,734

Note
Australia

Overseas

Business and corporate loans

53,328

47,833

19,893

Total Overseas

128,747

117,614

19,946

15,816

1,015,883

949,948

900,390

841,141

(5,357)

(5,200)

(4,858)

(4,700)

(816)

(712)

(701)

(621)

(1,408)

(1,363)

(1,408)

(1,363)

(546)

(463)

(514)

(433)

(8,127)

(7,738)

(7,481)

(7,117)

1,007,756

942,210

892,909

834,024

Gross loans and other receivables
Less:
Provisions for loan impairment
Collective provisions
Individually assessed provisions

3.2

Finance leases, where the Group acts as lessor, are also included within business and corporate loans. Finance leases are those where
substantially all the risks and rewards of the lease asset have been transferred to the lessee. Lease receivables are recognised at an
amount equal to the net investment in the lease. Finance lease income reflects a constant periodic return on this net investment and is
recognised within other interest income in the Income Statement.

Critical accounting judgements and estimates
When applying the effective interest method the Group has estimated the behavioural term of each loan portfolio by reference to historical
prepayment rates and contractual maturities.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

30 Jun 24

SUSTAINABILITY

30 Jun 25

Loans and other receivables, consistent with the Group’s policy for all financial assets measured at amortised cost, are recognised on
settlement date, when funding is advanced to the borrowers. They are initially recognised at their fair value plus directly attributable
transaction costs such as broker fees and commissions and fees that are integral parts of the effective interest rate. Subsequent to initial
recognition, they are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method and are presented net of provisions for impairment.
The accounting policy for provisions for impairment is provided in Note 3.2. For information on the Group’s management of credit risk,
refer to Note 9.2.

CREATING VALUE

Loans and other receivables

Loans and other receivables include home loans, consumer finance and business and corporate loans. Consumer finance includes
personal loans, margin lending and credit card balances. These financial assets are held within a business model with an objective to hold
financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows. The contractual cash flows on these financial assets comprise the payment of
principal and interest only. These instruments are measured at amortised cost.

OVERVIEW

Lending is the Group’s primary business activity, generating most of its net interest income and lending fees. The Group meets customers’
borrowing needs by providing a broad range of lending products in Australia, New Zealand and other jurisdictions. As a result of its lending
activities, the Group assumes credit risk arising from the potential that it will not receive the full amount owed.

3.1

Loans and other receivables (continued)

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

Unearned Income ⁵
Lease financing
Net loans and other receivables

Based on behavioural terms and current market conditions, the amounts expected to be repaid within 12 months of the balance sheet
date are $233,289 million (30 June 2024: $220,847 million) for the Group, and $212,296 million (30 June 2024: $200,686 million) for the
Bank.

FINANCIAL REPORT

1 Comparative information has been restated to conform to the presentation in the current year.
2 Home loans balance includes residential mortgages that have been assigned to securitisation vehicles and covered bond trusts. Further details on these residential
mortgages are disclosed in Note 4.4.
3 These balances are presented gross of mortgage offset balances as required under accounting standards.
4 Business and corporate loans include $621 million (30 June 2024: $634 million) in relation to certain transaction product arrangements that include both lending and
deposit features. These have been presented gross in the table above but are netted down for the calculation of interest payments.
5 Unearned income relates to business and corporate loans.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Term loans

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

254
254

255
255

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

3.1

3.1

Loans and other receivables (continued)

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

Loans and other receivables (continued)

Contractual maturity tables
Group

Group
Maturity Period at 30 June 2025

Maturity Period at 30 June 2024

$M

$M

$M

Sovereign

495

733

562

310

2,100

Agriculture

8,221

12,312

171

41

20,745

Bank and other financial

19,116

4,316

182

42

23,656

Construction

2,036

4,729

313

152

7,230

Consumer

20,408

65,944

217,918

345,260

649,530

Other commercial and industrial

61,007

114,585

6,634

1,649

183,875

Total Australia

111,283

202,619

225,780

347,454

887,136

Sovereign

183

–

–

–

183

Agriculture

5,001

4,096

853

293

10,243

Bank and other financial

6,758

2,374

12

11

9,155

Construction

296

278

121

215

910

Consumer

5,377

9,557

26,282

34,203

75,419

Other commercial and industrial

18,668

8,274

3,841

2,054

32,837

Total Overseas

36,283

24,579

31,109

36,776

128,747

Gross loans and other receivables

147,566

227,198

256,889

384,230

1,015,883

Maturing 1
year or less

Maturing
between 1
and 5 years

Maturing
between 5
and 15 years

Maturing
after
15 years

Total

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

Australia

91,810

187,481

213,895

332,443

825,629

Overseas

33,621

18,592

7,332

4,952

64,497

Total variable interest rates

125,431

206,073

221,227

337,395

890,126

Australia

19,473

15,138

11,885

15,011

61,507

Overseas

2,662

5,987

23,777

31,824

64,250

Total fixed interest rates ¹

22,135

21,125

35,662

46,835

125,757

Gross loans and other receivables

147,566

227,198

256,889

384,230

1,015,883

Australia

Overseas

Interest rate

1 For fixed interest rate loans, the information is presented on the basis of contractual maturity rather than the expiry of the fixed rate period.

Maturing
after
15 years

Total

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

10,342

687

488

250

11,767

Agriculture

5,494

12,744

161

47

18,446

Bank and other financial

16,876

3,106

138

49

20,169

Construction

1,872

4,235

335

139

6,581

Consumer

18,338

57,920

180,802

352,856

609,916

Other commercial and industrial

53,598

103,666

6,110

2,081

165,455

Total Australia

106,520

182,358

188,034

355,422

832,334

Sovereign

176

–

–

–

176

Agriculture

5,221

4,110

561

246

10,138

Bank and other financial

4,523

2,986

12

10

7,531

Industry/sector
Australia
Sovereign

Overseas

Construction

214

277

114

193

798

Consumer

5,023

7,247

21,876

36,584

70,730

Other commercial and industrial

16,233

7,473

2,819

1,716

28,241

Total Overseas

31,390

22,093

25,382

38,749

117,614

Gross loans and other receivables

137,910

204,451

213,416

394,171

949,948

Maturing 1
year or less

Maturing
between 1
and 5 years

Maturing
between 5
and 15 years

Maturing
after
15 years

Total

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

Australia

87,058

163,835

162,529

310,278

723,700

Overseas

27,647

14,255

4,076

3,694

49,672

Total variable interest rates

114,705

178,090

166,605

313,972

773,372

Australia

19,462

18,523

25,505

45,144

108,634

Overseas

3,743

7,838

21,306

35,055

67,942

Total fixed interest rates ¹

23,205

26,361

46,811

80,199

176,576

Gross loans and other receivables

137,910

204,451

213,416

394,171

949,948

Interest rate

1 For fixed interest rate loans, the information is presented on the basis of contractual maturity rather than the expiry of the fixed rate period.

FINANCIAL REPORT

$M

Maturing
between 5
and 15 years

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

$M

Industry/sector

Maturing
between 1
and 5 years

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Total

Maturing 1
year or less

SUSTAINABILITY

Maturing
after
15 years

CREATING VALUE

Maturing
between 5
and 15 years

OVERVIEW

Maturing
1 year or less

Maturing
between 1
and 5 years

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

256
256

257
257

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

3.2

3.2

Loan impairment expense and provisions for impairment
Group

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

Loan impairment expense and provisions for impairment (continued)
Group

Bank

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 23

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

Provisions

Stage 1

Stage 2

Stage 3

Total ¹

$M

$M

$M

$M

1,709

2,889

1,352

5,950

(1,469)

(7)

–

456

559

795

445

513

Opening balance as at 1 July 2023

Net new and increased individual provisioning

439

397

470

359

324

Transfers to/(from)

Write-back of individually assessed provisions

(169)

(154)

(157)

(130)

(122)

Stage 1

1,476

Total loan impairment expense ¹

726

802

1,108

674

715

Stage 2

(736)

962

(226)

–

Stage 3

(47)

(392)

439

–

(1,073)

1,667

525

1,119

343

(852)

(319)

(828)

Net financial assets originated

The tables below provide movements in the Group’s and the Bank’s impairment provisions by expected credit loss (ECL) stage for the
years ended 30 June 2025 and 2024.

Movement in existing IAP (including IAP write-backs)

–

–

174

174

Movements in provisions for impairment in the tables below represent the sum of monthly movements over the year and are attributable
to the following items:

Movements due to risk parameters and other changes

123

(4)

248

367

Loan impairment expense for the period ²

86

(88)

834

832

• Transfers to/(from): movements due to transfers of credit exposures between Stage 1, Stage 2 and Stage 3. Excludes the impact of
re-measurements of provisions for impairment between 12 months and lifetime ECL;

Write-offs ²

–

–

(764)

(764)

Recoveries

–

–

128

128

• Net re-measurement on transfers between stages: movements in provisions for impairment due to re-measurement between
12 months and lifetime ECL as a result of transfers of credit exposures between stages;

Foreign exchange and other commitments

9

14

47

70

• Net financial assets originated: net movements in provisions for impairment due to new financial assets originated as well as changes
in existing credit exposures due to maturities, repayments or credit limit changes;

Reclassified to assets held for sale

(9)

(21)

(51)

(81)

Closing balance as at 30 June 2024

1,795

2,794

1,546

6,135

Stage 1

1,470

(1,462)

(8)

–

Stage 2

(745)

984

(239)

–

• Movements in existing IAP (including IAP write-backs): net movements in existing Individually Assessed Provisions (IAP) excluding
write-offs;
• Movement due to risk parameters and other changes: movements in provisions for impairment due to changes in credit risk
parameters, forward looking economic scenarios or other assumptions as well as other changes in underlying credit quality that do not
lead to transfers between Stage 1, Stage 2 and Stage 3;

Transfers to/(from)

Stage 3

• Write-offs: derecognition of provisions for impairment upon write-offs;

Net re-measurement on transfers between stages

• Recoveries: increases in provisions for impairment due to recoveries of loans previously written off; and

Net financial assets originated

(423)

442

–

1,548

603

1,138

424

(794)

(337)

(707)

Movement in existing IAP (including IAP write-backs)

–

–

130

130

Movements due to risk parameters and other changes

(109)

354

(80)

165

Loan impairment expense for the period

8

207

511

726

Write-offs

–

–

(741)

(741)

Recoveries

–

–

130

130

Foreign exchange and other commitments
Closing balance as at 30 June 2025

21

35

71

127

1,824

3,036

1,517

6,377

Impact of movements in gross carrying amount on provisions from ECL for the Group
During the year ended 30 June 2025, the Group’s total provisions for impairment increased by $242 million to $6,377 million. The
impacts of changes in credit exposures on provisions were as follows:

• Stage 2 provisions increased by $242 million to $3,036 million. This includes a net decrease of $147 million due to $52 billion of
repayments and maturities, partly offset by the net migration of exposures into Stage 2 as a result of changes in credit quality of $56
billion.; and
• Stage 3 provisions decreased by $29 million to $1,517 million. This includes an increase of $461 million due to the net migration of
exposures into Stage 3 as a result of changes in credit quality of $5 billion, partly offset by $4 billion of net repayments and $741 million
of write-offs during the year.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

• Stage 1 provisions increased by $29 million to $1,824 million. This includes a net increase in provisions of $117 million due to $136
billion of new originations and increases in credit exposures net of repayments and maturities, partly offset by the net migration of
exposures out of Stage 1 as a result of changes in credit quality of $61 billion;

FINANCIAL REPORT

1 As at 30 June 2025, total provisions include $204 million in relation to financial guarantees and other off balance sheet instruments (30 June 2024: $223 million).
2 Loan impairment expense for the year ended 30 June 2024 excludes a $30 million benefit recognised by the Group in relation to credit exposures reclassified to assets
held for sale. Write-offs for the year ended 30 June 2024 exclude $43 million recognised by the Group in relation to credit exposures reclassified to assets held for sale.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

• Foreign exchange and other commitments: other movements in provisions for impairment including the impact of changes in foreign
exchange rates.

(19)
(1,013)

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Net re-measurement on transfers between stages

Movement in provisions for impairment by ECL stage

SUSTAINABILITY

1 The year ended 30 June 2024 includes a benefit of $30 million and $18 million for the Group and the Bank, respectively, in relation to credit exposures reclassified to
assets held for sale.

CREATING VALUE

Net collective provision funding

OVERVIEW

Loan impairment expense

Nonperforming

Performing

258
258

259
259

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

3.2

3.2

Loan impairment expense and provisions for impairment (continued)
Nonperforming

Performing
Stage 1

Stage 2

Stage 3

Total ¹

$M

$M

$M

$M

1,540

2,645

1,165

5,350

%

Home loans

0.00

0.01

Consumer finance

2.29

1,420

(1,415)

(5)

2.08

–

Business and corporate loans

0.07

0.11

Total

0.07

0.07

Stage 2

(695)

852

(157)

–

Stage 3

(45)

(356)

401

–

(1,040)

1,647

399

1,006

327

(832)

(271)

(776)

Net re-measurement on transfers between stages
Net financial assets originated

Write-offs net of recoveries to average loans and other receivables

Of the total $741 million of loans written-off by the Group during the year ended 30 June 2025 (30 June 2024: $764 million), $290 million
remain subject to enforcement activity (30 June 2024: $315 million). Of the total $664 million loans written-off by the Bank during the year
ended 30 June 2025 (30 June 2024: $703 million), $213 million remain subject to enforcement activity (30 June 2024: $264 million).

–

–

153

153

ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Movements due to risk parameters and other changes

146

(11)

215

350

Loan impairment expense for the period ²

113

(115)

735

733

Write-offs ²

–

–

(703)

(703)

By providing loans to customers, the Group bears the risk that the future circumstances of customers might change, including their ability
to repay their loans in part or in full. While the Group’s credit and responsible lending policies aim to minimise this risk, there will always
be instances where the Group will not receive the full amount owed and hence a provision for impaired loans will be necessary.

Recoveries

–

–

119

119

Foreign exchange and other commitments

10

16

41

67

Reclassified to assets held for sale

–

–

(42)

(42)

1,663

2,546

1,315

5,524

Transfers to/(from)

The Group makes key judgements in determining the expected credit loss (ECL) which include assessing when a significant increase in
credit risk (SICR) has occurred, selecting and forecasting forward-looking macroeconomic scenarios, assigning probability weightings to
those scenarios, and applying experienced credit judgement. Additional judgments impacting the provision include the segmentation of
products and portfolios, the assessment of collateral realisability, the development and calibration of credit loss models, and the selection
of inputs, estimates, and assumptions used in those models.
A description of the key components of the Group’s impairment methodology is provided below.

Stage 1

1,425

(1,421)

(4)

–

Expected credit loss (ECL) model

Stage 2

(712)

879

(167)

–

Stage 3

(22)

(385)

407

–

Net re-measurement on transfers between stages

(987)

1,578

471

1,062

The ECL model applies to all financial assets measured at amortised cost, debt securities measured at fair value through other
comprehensive income, finance lease receivables, loan commitments and financial guarantee contracts not measured at fair value through
profit or loss (FVTPL). The model uses a three-stage approach to recognition of expected credit losses. Financial assets migrate through
these stages based on changes in credit risk since origination:

Net financial assets originated

(783)

(280)

(653)

–

–

113

113

Movements due to risk parameters and other changes

(103)

360

(105)

152

Loan impairment expense for the period

11

228

435

674

Write-offs

–

–

(664)

(664)

Recoveries

–

–

120

120

Foreign exchange and other commitments
Closing balance as at 30 June 2025

14

24

60

98

1,688

2,798

1,266

5,752

Impact of movements in gross carrying amount on provisions from ECL for the Bank
During the year ended 30 June 2025, the Bank's total provisions for impairment increased by $228 million to $5,752 million. The
impacts of changes in credit exposures on provisions were as follows:

• Stage 2 provisions increased by $252 million to $2,798 million. This includes a decrease of $132 million due to $50 billion of repayments
and maturities net of increases in credit exposures, partly offset by the net migration of exposures into Stage 2 as a result of changes in
credit quality of $54 billion; and
• Stage 3 provisions decreased by $49 million to $1,266 million. This includes an increase of $427 million due to the net migration of
exposures into Stage 3 as a result of changes in credit quality of $5 billion, partly offset by $3 billion of net repayments and $664 million
of write-offs during the year.

• Stage 2 – Lifetime ECL – Performing loans that have experienced a significant increase in credit risk (SICR)
Financial assets that have experienced a SICR since origination are transferred to Stage 2 and an impairment provision equivalent to
lifetime ECL is recognised. Lifetime ECL includes credit losses expected to arise from defaults occurring over the remaining life of
financial assets. If credit quality improves in a subsequent period such that the increase in credit risk since origination is no longer
considered significant the exposure is reclassified to Stage 1 and the impairment provision reverts to 12 months ECL.
• Stage 3 – Lifetime ECL – Non-performing loans
Financial assets in default and assets restructured due to the borrower’s financial difficulty or hardship are transferred to Stage 3 and
an impairment provision equivalent to lifetime ECL is recognised.
Credit losses for financial assets in Stage 1 and Stage 2 are assessed for impairment collectively, whilst those in Stage 3 are subjected
to either collective or individual assessment of ECL.

Significant increase in credit risk (SICR)
SICR is assessed by comparing the risk of default occurring over the expected life of the financial asset at reporting date to the
corresponding risk of default at origination. The Group considers all available qualitative and quantitative information that is relevant to
assessing SICR.
For non-retail portfolios, such as the corporate risk rated portfolio and the asset finance portfolio, the risk of default is defined using the
existing Risk Rated Probability of Default (PD) Masterscale. The PD Masterscale is used in internal credit risk management and includes
24 risk grades that are assigned at a customer level using rating tools reflecting customer specific financial and non-financial information
and management’s experienced credit judgement. Internal credit risk ratings are updated regularly on the basis of the most recent financial
and non-financial information.
The Group uses a Retail Masterscale in the ECL measurement on personal loans, credit cards and home loans. The Retail Masterscale
has 16 risk grades that are assigned to retail accounts based on their credit quality scores determined through a credit quality scorecard.
SME retail portfolios use a similar approach and are mapped to SME Retail pools. Exposures are mapped to risk grades and pools monthly
based on new behavioural information that is used as input to credit quality scorecards.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

• Stage 1 provisions increased by $25 million to $1,688 million. This includes a net increase of $114 million due to $124 billion of new
originations and increases in credit exposures net of repayments and maturities, partly offset by the net migration of exposures out of
Stage 1 as a result of changes in credit quality of $59 billion;

On origination, an impairment provision equivalent to 12 months ECL is recognised. 12 months ECL includes credit losses expected to
arise from defaults occurring over the next 12 months.

FINANCIAL REPORT

1 As at 30 June 2025, total provisions include $193 million in relation to financial guarantees and other off balance sheet instruments (30 June 2024: $203 million).
2 Loan impairment expense for the year ended 30 June 2024 excludes a $18 million benefit recognised by the Bank in relation to credit exposures reclassified to assets
held for sale. Write-offs for the year ended 30 June 2024 exclude $41 million recognised by the Bank in relation to credit exposures reclassified to assets held for sale.

• Stage 1 – 12 months ECL – Performing loans

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

410

Movement in existing IAP (including IAP write-backs)

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Closing balance as at 30 June 2024

Critical accounting judgements and estimates

SUSTAINABILITY

Movement in existing IAP (including IAP write-backs)

CREATING VALUE

30 Jun 24

%

Transfers to/(from)
Stage 1

Group
30 Jun 25

OVERVIEW

Opening balance as at 1 July 2023

Loan impairment expense and provisions for impairment (continued)

Write-offs

Bank

Provisions

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

260
260

261
261

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

3.2

3.2

Loan impairment expense and provisions for impairment (continued)

For significant portfolios, the primary indicator of SICR is a significant deterioration in an exposure’s internal credit rating grade between
origination and reporting date. Application of the primary SICR indicator uses a sliding threshold such that an exposure with a higher credit
quality at origination would need to experience a more significant downgrade compared to a lower credit quality exposure before SICR is
triggered. The level of downgrade required to trigger SICR for each origination grade has been defined for each significant portfolio.

The Group also uses secondary SICR indicators as backstops in combination with the primary SICR indicator, including:
• a retail exposure entering a financial hardship status; and
• a non-retail exposure’s referral to Group Credit Structuring.
For a number of small portfolios, which are not considered significant individually or in combination, the Group applies simplified
provisioning approaches that differ from the description above. 30 days past due is used as a primary indicator of SICR on exposures in
these portfolios.

Definition of default, non-performing assets and write-offs

Loans are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery. Unsecured retail loans are generally written off when
repayments become 180 days past due. Secured loans are generally written off when assets pledged to the Group have been realised
and there are no further prospects of additional recovery.
ECL is an unbiased and probability-weighted expected credit loss estimated by evaluating a range of possible outcomes and taking into
account the time value of money, past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.

Forward looking PD and LGD factors are modelled for each significant portfolio based on macroeconomic factors that are most closely
correlated with credit losses in the relevant portfolios. Each of the four scenarios (refer below) includes a forecast of relevant
macroeconomic variables which differ by portfolio:
• Retail portfolios: Interest rates, unemployment rate and house price index; and
• Non-retail lending: Unemployment rate, GDP, business investment, commercial real estate capital value index, disposable income,
foreign exchange rates and Trade Weighted Index (TWI).
New Zealand equivalents of a subset of the above macroeconomic variables are used for retail credit exposures originated in
New Zealand.
The Group uses the following four alternative macroeconomic scenarios to reflect an unbiased probability-weighted range of possible
future outcomes in estimating ECL for significant portfolios:
• Central scenario: This scenario is based on the Group’s internal economic forecasts and market consensus as well as other
assumptions used in business planning and forecasting;
• Downside scenario: This scenario contemplates the potential impact of possible, but less likely, adverse macroeconomic conditions,
resulting from significant inflationary pressures which leads to disorderly asset price declines, a sharp increase in credit spreads,
corporate defaults and high unemployment. This is exacerbated by a breakdown in global trade and compounded by geopolitical risks.
• Upside scenario: This scenario is included to account for the potential impact of remote, more favourable macroeconomic conditions.
Relative to the Central scenario, the Upside scenario features stronger growth in economic output, further improvement in labour market
conditions and a stronger housing market; and
• Severe downside scenario: This scenario contemplates the potentially severe impact of remote, extremely adverse macroeconomic
conditions. Relative to the Downside scenario, this scenario features a sharper contraction with a slower recovery in economic output,
heightened and prolonged weakness in the labour market, and more severe declines in house prices, while interest rates are reduced
to accommodative levels.
The table below provides a summary of key macroeconomic variables used in the Central and Downside scenarios as at 30 June 2025.

The Group uses the following collective provisioning models in calculating ECL for significant portfolios:
• Retail lending: Home Loans model; Personal Loans model, Credit Cards model; and

Central

Downside

Financial Year

Financial Year
2027

2026

2027

GDP (annual % change)

2.2

2.5

(4.0)

(1.0)

Unemployment rate (%) ¹

4.4

4.4

8.5

8.9

• Probability of default (PD): The likelihood that a borrower will be unable to pay its obligations in full without having to take actions such
as realising security or that the borrower will become 90 days overdue on an obligation or contractual commitment;

Cash rate (%) ¹

3.35

3.25

5.75

4.35

• Exposure at default (EAD): The expected Balance Sheet exposure at default. The Group generally calculates EAD as the higher of
the drawn balance and total credit limit, except for the credit cards portfolio, for which the EAD calculation also takes into account the
probability of unused limits being drawn down; and

Commercial real estate capital values (annual % change)

8.1

7.5

(30.0)

–

House prices (annual % change)

4.8

4.9

(24.3)

0.7

For each significant portfolio ECL is calculated as a product of the following credit risk factors at a facility level:

• Loss given default (LGD): The amount that is not expected to be recovered following default.

Lifetime of an exposure
For exposures in Stage 2 and Stage 3 impairment provisions are determined as a lifetime expected loss. The Group uses a range of
approaches to estimate expected lives of financial instruments subject to ECL requirements:
• Non-revolving products in corporate portfolios: Expected life is determined as a maximum contractual period over which the Group
is exposed to credit risk;
• Non-revolving retail products: For fixed term products such as personal loans and home loans, expected life is determined using
behavioural term analysis and does not exceed the maximum contractual period; and

2.5

6.0

5.0

0.63

0.63

0.59

0.59

Trade Weighted Index (TWI) ¹

59.8

59.8

56.3

56.3

NZ unemployment rate (%) ¹

5.0

4.7

8.5

8.9

NZ cash rate (%) ¹

2.75

2.75

5.75

4.5

NZ house prices (annual % change)

5.4

4.8

(15.0)

–

1 Spot rate/index at 30 June.
2 CPI is not a variable used in ECL models, however, it is considered by the Group in deriving forecast macroeconomic variables used in ECL models.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

• Revolving products in corporate and retail portfolios: For revolving products that include both a loan and an undrawn commitment,
such as credit cards and corporate lines of credit, the Group’s contractual ability to cancel the undrawn limits and demand repayments
does not limit the exposure to credit losses to the contractual notice period. For such products, ECL is measured over the behavioural life.

2.8

AUD/USD exchange rate ¹

FINANCIAL REPORT

Defaulted secured retail exposures and defaulted non-retail exposures are assessed for impairment through an Individually Assessed
Provisions (IAP) process. Impairment provisions on these exposures are calculated directly as the difference between the defaulted
asset’s carrying value and the present value of expected future cash flows including cash flows from realisation of collateral, where
applicable.

CPI (annual % change) ²

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

2026

• Non-retail lending: Corporate Commercial Real Estate (CRE) Risk Rated model, Corporate Non-CRE Risk Rated model, Asset Finance
model, Retail SME model.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

ECL measurement

Credit risk factors of PD and LGD used in the ECL calculation are point-in-time estimates based on current conditions and adjusted to
include the impact of multiple probability-weighted future forecast economic scenarios.

SUSTAINABILITY

The definition of default used in measuring ECL is aligned to the definition used for internal credit risk management purposes across all
portfolios. Default occurs when there are indicators that a borrower is unlikely to meet contractual credit obligations to the Group in full, or
the exposure is 90 days past due. Non-performing credit exposures include exposures that are in default and exposures that have been
restructured on non-commercial terms due to the borrower’s financial difficulty or hardship.

Forward-looking information

CREATING VALUE

• arrears status that incorporates a rebuttable presumption of 30 days past due;

Loan impairment expense and provisions for impairment (continued)

OVERVIEW

The assessment of significant increase in credit risk includes the impact of forward looking multiple economic scenarios in addition to
adjustments for emerging risks at an industry, geographic location or a particular portfolio segment level, which are calculated by stressing
an exposure’s internal risk grade at the reporting date. This accounts for approximately 58% of Stage 2 exposures for the Group and 57%
for the Bank as at 30 June 2025 (30 June 2024: 64% for the Group and 64% for the Bank).

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

262
262

263
263

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

3.2

Loan impairment expense and provisions for impairment (continued)

The requirement to probability-weight possible future outcomes captures the uncertainty inherent in the credit outlook, and changes in
that uncertainty over time. Weights are assigned to each scenario based on management’s best estimate of the proportion of potential
future loss outcomes that each scenario represents. The same economic scenarios and probability weights apply across all portfolios.
The following probability weights applied at 30 June 2025 and 2024:

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

Central and Upside

55.0%

57.5%

Downside and Severe downside

45.0%

42.5%

In estimating impairment provisions on individually significant defaulted exposures, the Group generally applies prudent assumptions in
estimating recovery cash flows. Incorporating multiple forecast economic scenarios in estimates is not expected to significantly affect the
level of impairment provisions on these credit exposures.

Incorporation of experienced credit judgement

The Group also applies overlays which are determined based on a range of techniques including stress testing, benchmarking, scenario
analysis and expert judgement. Overlays are subject to internal governance and applied as an incremental ECL top-up amount to the
impacted portfolio segments.

Our main sources of funding include customer deposits, term funds raised in domestic and offshore wholesale markets via issuing debt
securities and loan capital. The Group also relies on repurchase agreements as a source of short-term wholesale funding. Refer to Note
9.4 for the Group’s management of liquidity and funding risk.

4.1

Deposits and other public borrowings
Group ¹
30 Jun 25
$M

Bank ¹
30 Jun 24
$M

30 Jun 25
$M

30 Jun 24
$M

Australia
Interest bearing deposits and public borrowings
Certificates of deposit

23,781

30,178

23,781

30,178

Transaction deposits

194,704

183,878

194,704

183,878

Savings deposits

291,973

269,745

291,973

269,745

Investment deposits

204,624

193,276

204,624

193,276

Other demand deposits

33

492

33

492

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase

47

241

47

241

104,810

100,723

104,810

100,722

1,026

1,168

1,025

1,135

820,998

779,701

820,997

779,667

Non-interest bearing deposits and public borrowings
Transaction deposits
Other non-interest bearing liabilities
Total Australia
Overseas
Interest bearing deposits and public borrowings
Certificates of deposit

16,961

15,239

14,596

12,908

Transaction deposits

10,806

10,070

–

–

Savings deposits

21,301

20,398

–

–

The Group also applies additional overlays and forward-looking adjustments for other factors that cannot be adequately accounted for
through the ECL models.

Investment deposits

50,109

44,497

9,266

6,208

Sensitivity of provisions for impairment to changes in forward looking assumptions

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase

As described above, the Group applies four alternative macroeconomic scenarios (Central, Upside, Downside and Severe downside
scenarios) to reflect an unbiased probability-weighted range of possible future outcomes in estimating ECL.

Group

Bank

635

19

635

3,539

7,423

3,433

9,729

8,710

–

–

183

133

3

31

Total overseas

116,859

103,221

31,307

23,215

Total deposits and other public borrowings

937,857

882,922

852,304

802,882

Non-interest bearing deposits and public borrowings
Transaction deposits
Other non-interest bearing liabilities

1 Comparative information has been restated to conform to the presentation in the current year.

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

$M

$M

$M

$M

Reported probability weighted ECL

6,377

6,135

5,752

5,524

100% Central scenario total

3,800

3,956

3,441

3,588

100% Downside scenario total

8,517

7,883

7,790

7,179

Sensitivity of provisions for impairment to SICR assessment criteria
If 1% of Stage 1 credit exposures as at 30 June 2025 was included in Stage 2, provisions for impairment would increase by approximately
$140 million for the Group and $134 million for the Bank (30 June 2024: $120 million for the Group and $114 million for the Bank).
If 1% of Stage 2 credit exposures as at 30 June 2025 was included in Stage 1, provisions for impairment would decrease by approximately
$27 million for the Group and $25 million for the Bank (30 June 2024: $24 million for the Group and $22 million for the Bank).

The majority of the amounts are due to be settled within 12 months of the balance sheet date.

Uninsured deposits
Uninsured deposits refer to accounts or products that are deemed ineligible for compensation, or balances in excess of the threshold for
compensation, under the deposit guarantee schemes for the country in which the deposits are held. For the Group, this primarily relates
to deposit balances in excess of the threshold for compensation or deemed ineligible under the Australian Government’s Financial Claim
Scheme. As at 30 June 2025, $570,966 million of the Group’s deposit balances were ineligible for government based deposit insurance
schemes in their relevant country of jurisdiction (30 June 2024: $538,643 million).

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

30 Jun 25

FINANCIAL REPORT

The table below provides approximate levels of provisions for impairment under the Central and Downside scenarios for the Group and
the Bank assuming 100% weighting was applied to each scenario and holding all other assumptions constant. As noted above, these
scenarios and their associated weights have been selected based on the expected range of potential future loss outcomes.

19
7,751

Other demand deposits

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

As at 30 June 2025, the Group and the Bank held overlays of $339 million (30 June 2024: $558 million) for emerging risks in relation to
its retail portfolios, including the potential impact on customers more susceptible to ongoing cost of living pressures and high interest
rates.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Management exercises credit judgement in assessing if an exposure has experienced SICR and in determining the amount of impairment
provisions at each reporting date. Where applicable, credit risk factors (PD and LGD) are adjusted to incorporate reasonable forwardlooking information about known or expected risks for specific segments of portfolios that would otherwise not have been considered in
the modelling process. Credit judgement is used to determine the degree of adjustment to be applied and considers information such as
emerging risks at an industry, geographic and portfolio segment level.

Stable and well diversified funding sources are critical to the Group’s ability to fund its lending and investing activities and support its
business growth.

SUSTAINABILITY

The Group’s assessment of SICR also incorporates the impact of multiple probability-weighted future forecast economic scenarios on
exposures’ internal risk grades using the same four forecast macroeconomic scenarios as described above.

OVERVIEW

CREATING VALUE

During the year ended 30 June 2025, macroeconomic scenarios were revised reflecting current economic conditions. The changes to the
Central scenario included a slightly stronger outlook for GDP, slightly lower unemployment, lower interest rates and an improved outlook
for house prices. The Downside scenario was updated for higher interest rates and exchange rates as well as more moderate GDP
contraction. The Group increased the weighting to the Downside scenario with a commensurate decrease in the Central scenario to
account for increased risks associated with global trade and geopolitical tensions, whilst the weighting of the Severe Downside and Upside
scenarios remained unchanged.

Our deposits and funding activities

OVERVIEW

Combined weighting

Scenario

4

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

264
264

265
265

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

4.1

4.3

Deposits and other public borrowings (continued)

Debt issues

The contractual maturity of uninsured certificates of deposit and investment deposits as at 30 June 2025 is presented below:

Group

Group
At 30 June 2025

Note
Maturing
after 12
months

Total

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

Certificates of deposit

9,630

12,131

2,020

–

23,781

Investment deposits

86,633

30,672

28,978

2,972

149,255

Short-term debt issues by currency

Total Australia

96,263

42,803

30,998

2,972

173,036

Certificates of deposit

4,497

5,743

6,721

–

16,961

Investment deposits

22,558

15,786

8,290

3,473

50,107

Total overseas

27,055

21,529

15,011

3,473

67,068

Total uninsured certificates of deposits and
investment deposits

123,318

64,332

46,009

6,445

240,104

Medium-term notes

Australia

Overseas

ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Securities sold under repurchase agreements are retained on the Balance Sheet where substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership
remain with the Group. A liability for the agreed repurchase amount is recognised within deposits and other public borrowings. Repurchase
transactions that are managed on a fair value basis are presented within liabilities at fair value through Income Statement.

Liabilities at fair value through income statement

$M

$M

$M

98,549

81,865

82,412

68,834

20,657

20,309

19,619

4.4

5,114

6,902

–

–

Covered bonds

4.4

42,897

35,106

39,785

32,381

170,509

144,530

142,506

120,834

USD

25,465

21,600

21,826

20,563

AUD

–

3,150

–

3,150

GBP

6,873

3,693

6,873

3,693

Other currencies

3,052

2,770

3,052

2,770

Total short-term debt issues

35,390

31,213

31,751

30,176

USD ³

44,982

41,043

38,870

35,215

EUR

38,298

26,205

29,143

20,118

AUD

34,770

30,068

29,597

23,114

GBP

5,651

4,439

5,676

4,499

NZD

2,812

2,468

219

204

JPY

1,381

1,120

1,051

1,120

Other currencies

7,225

7,974

6,199

6,388

135,119

113,317

110,755

90,658

Less than twelve months

61,927

49,357

53,791

44,192

Greater than twelve months

108,582

95,173

88,715

76,642

Total debt issues

170,509

144,530

142,506

120,834

Total debt issues ¹

Long-term debt issues by currency ²

Maturity distribution of debt issues ⁴

Bank

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

$M

$M

$M

$M

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase

40,011

36,512

40,698

36,893

Debt instruments

1,820

811

–

–

Trading liabilities

8,011

10,018

8,011

10,018

Total liabilities at fair value through income statement

49,842

47,341

48,709

46,911

The majority of the amounts are expected to be settled within 12 months of the balance sheet date.

ACCOUNTING POLICIES
The Group designates certain liabilities at fair value through Income Statement on origination when doing so eliminates or reduces an
accounting mismatch, when the liabilities are managed and their performance is evaluated on a fair value basis or where the liabilities
contain embedded derivatives which must otherwise be separated and carried at fair value. Trading liabilities are incurred principally for
the purpose of repurchasing or settling in the near term and are measured at fair value through Income Statement.

This category includes a portfolio of repurchase transactions which is managed and for which performance is evaluated on a fair value
basis.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Subsequent to initial recognition, liabilities are measured at fair value. Changes in fair value, excluding those due to changes in the Group’s
own credit risk in relation to liabilities designated at fair value through Income Statement on origination, are recognised in net other
operating income. Changes in fair value relating to the Group’s own credit risk in relation to liabilities designated at fair value through
Income Statement on origination are recognised in other comprehensive income. Interest incurred is recognised within net interest income
on a contractual rate basis, including amortisation of any premium/discount.

The Group’s long-term debt issues include notes issued under the: USD70 billion Euro Medium Term Note Programme; the USD50 billion
US Medium Term Note Programme; USD40 billion Covered Bond Programme; Unlimited Domestic Debt Programme; Unlimited ASB
Domestic Medium Term Note Programme; USD25 billion CBA New York Branch Medium Term Note Programme; EUR7 billion ASB
Covered Bond Programme; USD10 billion ASB US Medium Term Note Programme and other applicable debt documentation. Notes
issued under debt programmes are both fixed and variable rate. Interest rate risk associated with the notes is incorporated within the
Bank’s interest rate risk framework. The Bank, from time to time, as part of its balance sheet management, may consider opportunities to
repurchase outstanding long-term debt pursuant to open-market purchases or other means. Such repurchases help manage the Bank’s
debt maturity profile, overall funding costs and assist in meeting regulatory changes and requirements.

FINANCIAL REPORT

The amount that would be contractually required to be paid at maturity to the holders of the financial liabilities designated at fair value
through income statement for the Group is $49,927 million (30 June 2024: $47,439 million) and for the Bank is $48,812 million
(30 June 2024: $47,014 million).

1 Debt issues include a $9,085 million increase from fair value hedge adjustment movements and foreign exchange losses (30 June 2024: $662 million increase from
fair value hedge adjustment movements partly offset by foreign exchange gains).
2 Long-term debt relates to debt issues which have a maturity at inception of greater than 12 months.
3 Includes US$600 million notes issued by the Group in June 2022 through ASB, its New Zealand subsidiary. While the issuance qualifies as Tier 2 capital under Reserve
Bank of New Zealand requirements, it does not qualify for inclusion in the Group’s Tier 2 capital due to the lack of contractual features that give rise to conversion or
write-off at the point of non-viability.
4 Represents the remaining contractual maturity of the underlying instrument.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

23,949

Securitisation notes

Commercial paper

Total long-term debt issues
Group

30 Jun 24

$M

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Deposits from customers include certificates of deposit, transaction deposits, savings deposits, investment deposits and other demand
deposits. Deposits are initially recognised at their fair value less directly attributable transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition,
they are measured at amortised cost. Interest incurred is recognised within net interest income using the effective interest method.

30 Jun 25

SUSTAINABILITY

Maturing
between 6
and 12
months

30 Jun 24

CREATING VALUE

Maturing
between 3
and 6 months

Bank

30 Jun 25

OVERVIEW

Maturing
3 months or
less

4.2

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

266
266

267
267

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

4.3

4.4

Debt issues (continued)

ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Debt issues include short and long-term debt issues of the Group and consist of commercial paper, securitisation notes, covered bonds
and medium-term notes.

Securitisation, covered bonds and transferred assets

The Group enters into transactions in the normal course of business that transfer financial assets to counterparties or to Special Purpose
Vehicles (SPVs). Transferred financial assets that do not qualify for derecognition are typically associated with repurchase agreements
and covered bonds and securitisation programmes. The underlying assets remain on the Group’s Balance Sheet.
At the balance sheet date, transferred financial assets that did not qualify for derecognition and their associated liabilities are as follows:

OVERVIEW

Debt issues are initially measured at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost. The carrying value of debt issues designated
as hedged items in fair value hedge relationships of interest rate and/or foreign exchange risk are adjusted for the changes in their fair
values due to these risks, with the related gains and losses recognised in the Income Statement.

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

Group
Repurchase
agreements

Interest, as well as premiums, discounts and associated transaction costs are recognised in the Income Statement using the effective
interest method from the date of issue, to ensure the carrying value of securities equals their redemption value by maturity date. Any
profits or losses arising from redemption prior to maturity are taken to the Income Statement in the period in which they are realised.

Covered bonds

Securitisation ¹

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

Carrying amount of transferred assets

60,724

52,372

51,189

43,415

5,629

7,547

Carrying amount of associated liabilities ²

59,834

52,113

42,897

35,106

5,114

6,902

Fair value of transferred assets

5,625

7,519

Fair value of associated liabilities

5,138

6,922

487

597

For those liabilities that have recourse only
to the transferred assets:

Net position
Bank
Repurchase
agreements

Covered bonds

Securitisation ³ ⁴

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 25

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

30 Jun 24
$M

Carrying amount of transferred assets

61,082

52,647

46,721

39,574

5,629

7,547

Carrying amount of associated liabilities ²

60,193

52,388

39,785

32,381

5,502

7,396

Fair value of transferred assets

5,625

7,519

Fair value of associated liabilities

5,502

7,396

123

123

For those liabilities that have recourse only
to the transferred assets:

Net position

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

1 Securitisation liabilities of the Group include RMBS notes issued by securitisation SPVs and held by external investors.
2 Carrying amounts of associated liabilities for repurchase agreements are presented before the effect of balance sheet netting.
3 Securitisation liabilities of the Bank include borrowings from securitisation SPVs, recognised on transfer of residential mortgages by the Bank. The carrying amounts
of associated liabilities from securitisation SPVs are recorded on the Bank’s Balance Sheet under loans due to controlled entities.
4 Securitisation assets exclude $61,302 million of assets (30 June 2024: $111,407 million), where the Bank holds all of the issued instruments of the securitisation
vehicle.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

30 Jun 25

SUSTAINABILITY

30 Jun 24

CREATING VALUE

30 Jun 25

FINANCIAL REPORT
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

268
268

269
269

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

4.4

Securitisation, covered bonds and transferred assets (continued)

ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Repurchase agreements

Securitisation programmes

Covered bonds programmes

Critical accounting judgements and estimates
The Group exercises judgement to assess whether a structured entity should be consolidated based on the Group’s power over the
relevant activities of the entity and the significance of its exposure to variable returns of the structured entity. Such assessments are
predominantly required for the Group’s securitisation programmes, and structured transactions such as covered bond programmes.

In addition to loans, the Group holds other assets to support its activities. Cash and liquid assets, receivables from financial institutions,
trading assets and investment securities are held for liquidity purposes, to generate returns and to meet customer demand. The mix and
nature of assets is driven by multiple factors including the Board’s risk appetite, regulatory requirements, customer demand and the
generation of shareholder returns.
The Group also transacts derivatives to meet customer demand and to manage its financial risks (interest rate, foreign currency,
commodity and credit risks).
Refer to Note 9.1 for additional information relating to the Group’s approach to managing financial risks through the use of derivatives.

5.1

Cash and liquid assets
Group

Bank

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

$M

$M

$M

$M

Notes, coins, cash at banks and money at short call

54,381

47,321

49,620

42,896

Securities purchased under agreements to resell

29,438

35,759

28,922

35,359

Total cash and liquid assets

83,819

83,080

78,542

78,255

ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Securities, including bonds and equities, purchased under agreements to resell are not recognised in the financial statements where
substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership remain with the counterparty. An asset for the agreed resale amount by the
counterparty is recognised within cash and liquid assets. Reverse repurchase transactions that are managed on a fair value basis are
presented within assets at fair value through Income Statement.

5.2

Receivables from and payables to financial institutions
Group

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Cash and liquid assets include cash at branches, cash at banks, nostro balances, money at short call with an original maturity of three
months or less and securities purchased under agreements to resell. Cash and liquid assets are initially recognised at fair value and
subsequently measured at amortised cost. Interest is recognised in the Income Statement using the effective interest method.

SUSTAINABILITY

To complement existing wholesale funding sources, the Group has established two global covered bond programmes for the Bank and
ASB. Certain residential mortgages have been assigned to SPV’s associated with covered bond programmes to provide security on the
payments to investors. The Group is entitled to any residual income after all payments due to covered bond investors have been met. As
the Group retains substantially all of the risks and rewards associated with the mortgages, it continues to recognise the mortgages on the
Balance Sheet. As the Bank and ASB also provide guarantees on the payments to bondholders, the covered investors have dual recourse
to the Bank and ASB and the covered pool assets.

OVERVIEW

CREATING VALUE

The Group pools and equitably assigns residential mortgages as securities to investors through a series of wholly controlled securitisation
vehicles. Where the Group retains substantially all of the risks and rewards associated with the mortgages, it continues to recognise the
mortgages on the Balance Sheet. The Group is entitled to any residual income of the securitisation programmes after all payments due
to investors have been met, where the Group is the income unitholder. The investors have recourse only to the pool of mortgages in the
SPV they have invested in.

Our investing, trading and other banking activities

OVERVIEW

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase are retained on the Balance Sheet when substantially all the risks and rewards of
ownership remain with the Group, and a liability for the cash consideration received from the counterparty is recognised separately on the
Balance Sheet.

5

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

Bank
30 Jun 24

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

$M

$M

$M

$M

Collateral placed

6,482

5,073

6,821

4,742

Other receivables

1,122

789

1,006

686

Total receivables from financial institutions

7,604

5,862

7,827

5,428

Receivables from financial institutions

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

30 Jun 25

Payables to financial institutions
4,464

4,957

4,247

4,734

Other payables

23,492

19,676

23,095

19,402

Total payables to financial institutions

27,956

24,633

27,342

24,136

The majority of receivables from and payables to financial institutions are expected to be settled within 12 months of the balance sheet
date.

FINANCIAL REPORT

Collateral received

ACCOUNTING POLICIES
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Receivables from and payables to financial institutions include cash collateral, short-term deposits and other balances. Cash collateral
includes initial and variation margins in relation to derivative transactions and varies based on trading and hedging activities. Receivables
from and payables to financial institutions are initially recognised at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost.

270
270

271
271

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

5.3

5.4

Assets at fair value through income statement
Group

Bank
30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

$M

$M

$M

Government bonds, notes and securities

22,829

18,780

21,948

18,780

Corporate and financial institution bonds, notes and securities

7,536

6,024

7,523

6,134

Commodities

8,088

1,340

8,088

1,340

Total trading assets

38,453

26,144

37,559

26,254

Trading

Other

Derivative financial instruments are contracts for which values are derived from one or more underlying prices, indexes or other variables.
Derivatives are classified as “held for trading” or “held for hedging”. Held for trading derivatives are contracts entered into in order to meet
customers’ needs, to undertake market making and positioning activities, or for risk management purposes that are not designated in
hedge accounting relationships. Held for hedging derivatives are instruments held for risk management purposes, which meet the criteria
for hedge accounting.
Group
30 Jun 25
Fair value
asset

Fair value
liability

Fair value
asset

Fair value
liability

$M

$M

$M

$M

Derivatives held for trading

21,470

(21,758)

15,412

(15,069)

3,249

(3,388)

2,646

(3,781)

24,719

(25,146)

18,058

(18,850)

Derivative assets and liabilities

Securities purchased under agreements to resell

49,468

46,069

49,541

46,168

Hedging derivatives

Commodities financing and other lending

8,398

6,771

8,397

6,771

Total derivative assets/(liabilities)

51

49

1

1

Total other assets at fair value through income statement

57,917

52,889

57,939

52,940

Total assets at fair value through income statement

96,370

79,033

95,498

79,194

Less than twelve months

89,498

75,329

89,162

75,586

More than twelve months

6,821

3,655

6,335

3,607

51

49

1

1

96,370

79,033

95,498

79,194

Shares and equity investments

Maturity undefined

ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Assets at fair value through Income Statement include financial assets held for trading, commodity financing transactions, and other
financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss. This category includes a portfolio of reverse repurchase transactions which
is managed and for which performance is evaluated on a fair value basis.
Trading assets are those acquired principally for sale in the near term. Commodity inventories are measured at fair value less costs to
sell in accordance with the broker-trader exemption under AASB 102 Inventories.

Fair value
liability

Fair value
asset

Fair value
liability

$M

$M

$M

$M

Derivatives held for trading

22,123

(23,830)

16,501

(16,821)

Hedging derivatives

2,738

(5,458)

3,296

(3,219)

Total derivative assets/(liabilities)

24,861

(29,288)

19,797

(20,040)

Derivative assets and liabilities

Trading derivatives
The fair value of derivative financial instruments held for trading are set out in the following tables:
Group
30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24
Fair value
liability

Fair value
asset

Fair value
liability

$M

$M

$M

$M

Forwards

12,401

(11,720)

7,160

(6,072)

Swaps

6,515

(7,097)

5,540

(4,086)

Options

193

(127)

139

(131)

19,109

(18,944)

12,839

(10,289)

Swaps

1,881

(2,122)

1,228

(3,712)

Options

193

(186)

473

(612)

2,074

(2,308)

1,701

(4,324)

50

(87)

39

(66)

Swaps

1

–

–

–

Options

–

–

–

(3)

1

–

–

(3)

160

(168)

573

(203)

Derivative assets and liabilities
Foreign exchange rate related contracts:

Total foreign exchange rate related contracts
Interest rate related contracts:

Total interest rate related contracts
Credit related swaps
Equity related contracts:

Total equity related contracts

FINANCIAL REPORT

Fair value
asset

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Commodity financing and other lending are mandatorily recognised at fair value through profit or loss, because the contractual cash flows
are not solely payments of principal and interest. Other financial assets are measured at fair value through profit or loss, because they
are managed with the objective of realising cash flows through sale. Assets at fair value through Income Statement are measured at fair
value with changes in fair value recognised in net other operating income.

30 Jun 24

Fair value
asset

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Total assets at fair value through income statement

Bank
30 Jun 25

SUSTAINABILITY

Maturity distribution of assets at fair value through income statement

30 Jun 24

CREATING VALUE

30 Jun 24

$M

Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting

OVERVIEW

30 Jun 25

Assets at fair value through income statement

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

Commodity related contracts:
Futures

–

(95)

167

–

Options

47

(131)

57

(163)

207

(394)

797

(366)

Total commodity related contracts
Identified embedded derivatives
Total derivative assets/(liabilities) held for trading

29

(25)

36

(21)

21,470

(21,758)

15,412

(15,069)

Held for trading derivatives are expected to be recovered or due to be settled within 12 months of the balance sheet date.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Swaps

272
272

273
273

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

5.4

5.4

Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting (continued)
30 Jun 24

Fair value
asset

Fair value
liability

Fair value
asset

Fair value
liability

$M

$M

$M

$M

The following tables provide details of the Group’s and the Bank’s hedging instruments by the type of hedge relationship in which they are
designated and the type of hedged risk.
Group
30 Jun 25
Notional amounts

Foreign exchange rate related contracts:
12,367

(11,614)

7,123

(6,057)

Swaps

7,126

(7,734)

6,168

(4,940)

Options

190

(122)

135

(127)

Derivatives held with controlled entities

126

(1,587)

495

(1,022)

Total foreign exchange rate related contracts

19,809

(21,057)

13,921

(12,146)

Fair value hedges

Due from
1 to 5 years

Due beyond
5 years

Hedged risk

$M

$M

Interest rate

13,871

Interest rate and
foreign exchange
Total fair value hedges

Interest rate related contracts:

Total

Derivative
asset

Derivative
liability

$M

$M

$M

$M

42,362

67,459

123,692

146

(419)

10,368

42,086

21,018

73,472

2,224

(2,346)

24,239

84,448

88,477

197,164

2,370

(2,765)

(2,081)

1,235

(3,599)

Interest rate

444,060

176,838

11,318

632,216

14

(16)

193

(186)

473

(612)

–

–

Foreign exchange

19,827

19,183

7,149

(605)

(8)

46,159

780

–

2,027

(2,267)

Commodity price

6

34

–

10

–

1,708

(4,219)

40

50

(87)

39

(66)

463,893

196,055

18,467

678,415

804

(621)

Foreign exchange

4,134

–

–

4,134

75

(2)

Swaps

1

–

–

–

Total hedging derivative assets/(liabilities)

492,266

280,503

106,944

879,713

3,249

(3,388)

Options

–

–

–

(3)

1

–

–

(3)

160

(168)

573

(203)

Derivative
liability

Derivatives held with controlled entities
Total interest rate related contracts
Credit related swaps
Equity related contracts:

Total equity related contracts

Cash flow hedges

Total cash flow hedges
Net investment hedges

Group
30 Jun 24

Commodity related contracts:
Swaps

Notional amounts

–

(95)

167

–

Options

47

(131)

57

(163)

Total commodity related contracts

207

(394)

797

(366)

Identified embedded derivatives

29

(25)

36

(21)

22,123

(23,830)

16,501

(16,821)

Total derivative assets/(liabilities) held for trading

Held for trading derivatives are expected to be recovered or due to be settled within 12 months of the balance sheet date.

Fair value hedges

Due beyond
5 years

Total

Derivative
asset

Hedged risk

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

Interest rate

13,653

32,652

26,885

73,190

98

(519)

Interest rate and
foreign exchange

5,231

14,555

9,981

29,767

1,589

(2,926)

Total fair value hedges

18,884

47,207

36,866

102,957

1,687

(3,445)

357,400

162,411

7,592

527,403

8

(10)

Foreign exchange

6,535

4,839

5,311

16,685

895

(293)

Commodity price

5

31

13

49

16

–

363,940

167,281

12,916

544,137

919

(303)

Foreign exchange

4,633

376

–

5,009

40

(33)

Total hedging derivative assets/(liabilities)

387,457

214,864

49,782

652,103

2,646

(3,781)

Cash flow hedges

ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Derivatives held for trading purposes are initially recognised and subsequently measured at fair value. Subsequent to initial recognition,
gains or losses on trading derivatives are recognised in the Income Statement.

Due from
1 to 5 years

Interest rate

Total cash flow hedges
Net investment hedges

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Futures

Fair value

Due within
1 year

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

1,834

Options

SUSTAINABILITY

Swaps

CREATING VALUE

Forwards

Fair value

Due within
1 year

OVERVIEW

Derivative assets and liabilities

Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting (continued)

Hedging instruments

Bank
30 Jun 25

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

FINANCIAL REPORT
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

274
274

275
275

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

5.4

5.4

Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting (continued)

Notional amounts

The tables below provide details of the Group’s and the Bank’s hedged items designated in fair value hedge relationships by the type of
hedged risk.

Fair value

Hedged risk

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

Carrying

Fair value

Carrying

Interest rate

11,736

Fair value

33,290

65,196

110,222

103

(415)

amount

adjustment ¹ ²

amount

adjustment ¹ ²

Interest rate and
foreign exchange

13,043

48,474

31,073

92,590

1,684

(4,336)

24,779

81,764

96,269

202,812

1,787

(4,751)

Interest rate

419,981

152,521

10,978

583,480

4

(5)

Foreign exchange

19,271

21,947

7,147

48,365

862

(700)

Commodity price

6

34

–

40

10

–

439,258

174,502

18,125

631,885

876

(705)

Foreign exchange

4,134

–

–

4,134

75

(2)

Total hedging derivative assets/(liabilities)

468,171

256,266

114,394

838,831

2,738

(5,458)

Total fair value hedges
Cash flow hedges

Total cash flow hedges
Net investment hedges

1 Derivative assets include $374 million of derivatives held with controlled entities, derivative liabilities include $2,831 million of derivatives held with controlled entities.

Group
30 Jun 25

Hedged items

Hedged risk

$M

$M

$M

$M

Investment securities at fair value through
other comprehensive income

Interest rate

73,033

774

63,142

(2,138)

Investment securities at fair value through
other comprehensive income

Interest rate and
foreign exchange

4,798

(217)

4,832

(403)

Loans and other receivables

Interest rate

1,101

14

435

–

Deposits and other public borrowings

Interest rate

(1,704)

3

(5,776)

14

Debt issues

Interest rate

(19,046)

1,182

(31,670)

1,817

Debt issues

Interest rate and
foreign exchange

(66,471)

1,812

(53,840)

3,152

Loan capital

Interest rate

(13,171)

2,054

(13,660)

2,294

Loan capital

Interest rate and
foreign exchange

(5,600)

586

(4,766)

658

Bank
30 Jun 24

Fair value hedges

Due within
1 year

Due from
1 to 5 years

Due beyond
5 years

Hedged risk

$M

$M

$M

Interest rate

13,296

28,540

Interest rate and
foreign exchange

6,319

Total fair value hedges
Cash flow hedges

Interest rate

Bank

Fair value
Total

Derivative
asset ¹

Derivative
liability ¹

$M

$M

$M

24,001

65,837

52

(503)

19,044

14,610

39,973

2,188

(2,465)

19,615

47,584

38,611

105,810

2,240

(2,968)

320,765

138,484

7,188

466,437

1

(2)

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

Carrying

Fair value

Carrying

Fair value

amount

adjustment ¹ ²

amount

adjustment ¹ ²

Hedged risk

$M

$M

$M

$M

Investment securities at fair value through
other comprehensive income

Interest rate

64,202

656

55,189

(1,882)

Investment securities at fair value through
other comprehensive income

Interest rate and
foreign exchange

4,752

(217)

4,788

(403)

Loans and other receivables

Interest rate

1,093

14

417

–

Interest rate

198

(2)

509

(9)

7,936

3,571

5,311

16,818

1,000

(233)

Commodity price

5

31

13

49

16

–

Shares in and loans to controlled entities

30,942

(1,094)

25,995

(1,805)

328,706

142,086

12,512

483,304

1,017

(235)

Interest rate and
foreign exchange

Deposits and other public borrowings

Interest rate

–

–

3,506

39

(16)

3

14

3,506

(1,704)

(5,776)

Foreign exchange

Debt issues

Interest rate

(17,239)

1,201

(18,508)

1,547

Total hedging derivative assets/(liabilities)

351,827

189,670

51,123

592,620

3,296

(3,219)

Debt issues

Interest rate and
foreign exchange

(50,135)

1,267

(43,655)

2,342

Loan capital

Interest rate

(13,158)

2,067

(12,759)

2,294

Loan capital

Interest rate and
foreign exchange

(5,600)

586

(4,766)

658

Total cash flow hedges
Net investment hedges

1 Derivative assets include $1,618 million of derivatives held with controlled entities, derivative liabilities include $522 million of derivatives held with controlled entities.

The Bank will be required to post collateral on derivatives with securitisation and covered bond trusts it controls or novate the derivatives
to other appropriately rated counterparties in the event that the Bank’s credit rating falls below specified thresholds. The thresholds for
collateral posting vary between two and three notches from the current rating, depending on the ratings agency. The thresholds for
novation vary between four and six notches from the current rating, depending on the ratings agency. The fair value of funding costs
associated with these collateral arrangements has been recognised by the Bank as a funding valuation adjustment. The adjustment did
not have a material impact on the Bank’s Income Statement for the year. As the arrangement is between the Bank and the trusts, the fair
value is eliminated on consolidation and will only be recognised by the Group if the trusts are deconsolidated.

In addition to derivative instruments used to hedge foreign currency risk, at 30 June 2024, the Group held debt issues with a carrying
amount of $933 million and an average maturity of 6 years as hedging instruments of certain foreign exchange risk exposures in cash
flow hedge relationships.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

As at 30 June 2025, the weighted average fixed interest rate of interest rate swaps hedging interest rate risk was 3.64% (30 June 2024:
3.60%). The major currency pairs of cross currency swaps designated in hedge relationships are receive USD/pay AUD and receive
EUR/pay AUD with weighted average foreign currency rates of: AUD/USD 0.69 and AUD/EUR 0.63 (30 June 2024: AUD/USD 0.74.
AUD/EUR 0.63).

1 Represents the accumulated amount of the fair value adjustment included in the carrying amount.
2 Changes in fair value of the hedged item used as a basis to determine effectiveness. The changes in fair value of the hedged items are recognised in net other operating
income.

FINANCIAL REPORT

Foreign exchange

Shares in and loans to controlled entities

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Hedged items

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Notional amounts

30 Jun 24

SUSTAINABILITY

Derivative
liability ¹

CREATING VALUE

Due beyond
5 years

OVERVIEW

Total

Derivative
asset ¹

Fair value hedges

Due from
1 to 5 years

Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting (continued)

Hedged items in fair value hedges

Bank
30 Jun 25
Due within
1 year

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

276
276

277
277

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

5.4

5.4

Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting (continued)

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting (continued)

Hedged items in cash flow hedges and net investment hedges

Bank

The tables below provides details of the Group’s and the Bank’s hedged items designated in cash flow and net investment hedge
relationships by the type of hedged risk.

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

$M

$M

$M

$M

Investment securities at fair value through other
comprehensive income

Foreign exchange

(2)

–

(3)

–

Cash flow hedges

Loans and other receivables

Interest rate

1,935

–

(3,061)

–

Investment securities at fair value through other
comprehensive income

Foreign exchange

Loans and other receivables

Foreign exchange

1

–

(3)

–

Loans and other receivables

Interest rate

Shares in and loans to controlled entities

Foreign exchange

189

–

187

–

Loans and other receivables

Foreign exchange

Deposits and other public borrowings

Interest rate

(166)

–

1,145

–

Deposits and other public borrowings

Debt issues

Interest rate

(8)

–

(2)

–

Debt issues

Foreign exchange

(159)

–

(170)

–

Loan capital

Foreign exchange

112

–

147

–

Highly probable forecast transactions

Commodity price

(12)

–

14

–

Foreign exchange

–

(2)

–

27

1,890

(2)

(1,746)

27

Hedged items

Hedged risk

30 Jun 24

Cash flow
hedge
reserve ¹

Foreign
currency
translation
reserve ²

Cash flow
hedge
reserve ¹

Foreign
currency
translation
reserve ²

$M

$M

$M

$M

(2)

–

(3)

–

2,178

–

(3,365)

–

1

–

(3)

–

Interest rate

(345)

–

1,395

–

Debt issues

Interest rate

(4)

–

82

–

Debt issues

Foreign exchange

(285)

–

(367)

–

Loan capital

Foreign exchange

110

–

145

–

Highly probable forecast transactions

Foreign exchange

–

–

(44)

–

Highly probable forecast transactions

Commodity price

10

–

14

–

Foreign exchange

–

(2)

–

32

1,663

(2)

(2,146)

32

Net investment hedges
Foreign operations
Total

1 Represents the accumulated effective amount of the hedging instrument deferred to cash flow hedge reserve. The cumulative amount related to ceased hedge
relationships where the risk being hedged is interest rate and foreign exchange risk is a gain of $114 million (30 June 2024: $33 million gain). A cumulative loss of
$57 million related to ceased hedge relationships was amortised to the income statement during the period (30 June 2024: $7 million loss).
2 Represents the accumulated effective amount of the hedging instrument deferred to foreign currency translation reserve.

Hedged items
Cash flow hedges

Net investment hedges
Foreign operations
Total

1 Represents the accumulated effective amount of the hedging instrument deferred to cash flow hedge reserve. The cumulative amount related to ceased hedge
relationships where the risk being hedged is interest rate and foreign exchange risk is a gain of $88 million (30 June 2024: $1 million loss). A cumulative loss of
$49 million related to ceased hedge relationships was amortised to the income statement during the period (30 June 2024: $16 million loss).
2 Represents the accumulated effective amount of the hedging instrument deferred to foreign currency translation reserve.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Hedged risk

30 Jun 25

SUSTAINABILITY

Foreign
currency
translation
reserve ²

CREATING VALUE

Cash flow
hedge
reserve ¹

Group

OVERVIEW

Cash flow
hedge
reserve ¹

Foreign
currency
translation
reserve ²

DIRECTORS’ REPORT
FINANCIAL REPORT
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

278
278

279
279

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

5.4

5.4

Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting (continued)

Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting (continued)

Hedge effectiveness

ACCOUNTING POLICIES

The tables below detail effectiveness of the Group’s and the Bank’s hedges by the type of hedge relationship and the type of hedged risk.

Derivatives transacted for hedging purposes

Change in
value of
hedged item ¹

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

Hedge
Change in ineffectiveness
value of
recognised in
hedging
Income
instrument
Statement ²

Hedge
Change in ineffectiveness
recognised in
value of
Income
hedging
Statement ²
instrument

Change in
value of
hedged item ¹

Hedging strategy and hedge accounting

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

Interest rate risk

2,220

(2,196)

24

894

(885)

9

Interest rate and foreign exchange risk

(6,272)

6,249

(23)

(56)

22

(34)

Total fair value hedges

(4,052)

4,053

1

838

(863)

(25)

Fair value hedges are used by the Group to manage exposure to changes in the fair value of an asset, liability or unrecognised firm
commitment, predominantly associated with investment securities, debt issues and loan capital. Changes in fair values can arise from
fluctuations in interest or foreign exchange rates. The Group principally uses interest rate swaps, cross currency swaps and futures to
protect against such fluctuations.
Changes in the fair value of the hedging instruments are recognised in the Income Statement, together with changes in the fair value of
the hedged asset or liability that are attributable to the hedged risk. All gains and losses associated with the ineffective portion of fair value
hedge relationships are recognised immediately in net other operating income.

Fair value hedges

Fair value hedges

Cash flow hedges and net
investment hedges
(3,778)

3,781

3

(836)

841

5

Foreign exchange

(620)

624

4

(779)

766

(13)

Commodity prices

26

(27)

(1)

–

–

–

(4,372)

4,378

6

(1,615)

1,607

(8)

Interest rate

Total cash flow hedges and net investment
hedges

Hedge
Change in ineffectiveness
value of
recognised in
hedging
Income
instrument
Statement ²

Hedge
Change in ineffectiveness
recognised in
value of
Income
hedging
Statement ²
instrument

$M

$M

$M

$M

Interest rate risk

2,027

(2,004)

23

815

(807)

8

Interest rate and foreign exchange risk

(1,402)

1,434

32

410

(428)

(18)

Foreign exchange

35

(30)

5

(15)

15

–

Total fair value hedges

660

(600)

60

1,210

(1,220)

(10)

(3,689)

3,694

5

(1,088)

1,096

8

Foreign exchange

(226)

230

4

(1,102)

1,091

(11)

Commodity prices

26

(27)

(1)

–

–

–

(3,889)

3,897

8

(2,190)

2,187

(3)

Fair value hedges

Net investment hedges

Cash flow hedges and net
investment hedges
Interest rate

Total cash flow hedges and net investment
hedges

The Group holds investments in foreign operations, where changes in net assets resulting from changes in foreign currency rates are
recognised in the foreign currency translation reserve and result in volatility in shareholders’ equity. To protect against the foreign currency
risk, the Group enters into foreign currency forwards that are designated as hedging instruments in net investment hedges. Foreign
exchange gains and losses of the hedging instruments relating to the effective portion of the net investment hedge are recognised in the
foreign currency translation reserve in equity. Ineffective portions are recognised immediately in the Income Statement. Gains and losses
accumulated in equity are reclassified to the Income Statement when the foreign subsidiary or branch is disposed of.

Risk components

1 Changes in value of hedged items for fair value hedges are recognised in net other operating income. Changes in value of hedged items for cash flow hedges are not
recognised in the financial statements and are only used as a basis for calculating ineffectiveness. During the year, unrealised gains deferred to the cash flow hedge
reserve were $3,900 million (30 June 2024: unrealised gains of $2,176 million), and a loss recognised in the net investment hedge reserve was $3 million (30 June 2024:
$11 million gain).
2 Hedge ineffectiveness is recognised in net other operating income.

In some hedging relationships, the Group and the Bank designate risk components of hedged items as follows:
• benchmark interest rate risk as a component of interest rate risk, such as the Bank Bill Benchmark Rate component; and
• spot exchange rate risk as a component of foreign currency risk for foreign currency denominated financial assets and liabilities.
Hedging the benchmark interest rate risk or spot exchange rate risk components results in other risks, such as credit risk and liquidity risk,
being excluded from the hedge accounting relationship.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

$M

When a hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated or exercised, or when the hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge
accounting, any cumulative gain or loss existing in equity at that time remains in equity and is reclassified to profit or loss in the period in
which the hedged item affects profit or loss for the hedged risk. When a forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the cumulative
gain or loss that was reported in equity is recycled immediately to the Income Statement.

FINANCIAL REPORT

$M

Changes in fair value of the hedging instruments associated with the effective portion of a cash flow hedge are recognised through Other
Comprehensive Income in the cash flow hedge reserve within equity. Ineffective portions are recognised immediately in the Income
Statement. Amounts deferred in equity are transferred to the Income Statement in the period in which the hedged forecast transaction
takes place.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

30 Jun 24

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Bank
30 Jun 25

Change in
value of
hedged item ¹

Cash flow hedges
Cash flow hedges are used by the Group to manage exposure to variability in future cash flows, which could affect profit or loss and may
result from fluctuations in interest and exchange rates or in commodity prices on financial assets, financial liabilities or highly probable
forecast transactions, predominantly associated with floating rate domestic loans and deposits. The Group principally uses interest rate
swaps, cross currency swaps, futures and commodity related swaps to protect against such fluctuations. Where it is appropriate, nonderivative financial assets and liabilities are also designated as hedging instruments in cash flow hedge relationships.

1 Changes in value of hedged items for fair value hedges are recognised in net other operating income. Changes in values of hedged items for cash flow hedges are
not recognised in the financial statements and are only used as a basis for calculating ineffectiveness. During the year, unrealised gains deferred to the cash flow
hedge reserve were $4,381 million (30 June 2024: unrealised gains of $1,590 million) and a loss recognised in foreign currency translation reserve was $3 million
(30 June 2024: $17 million gain).
2 Hedge ineffectiveness is recognised in net other operating income.

Change in
value of
hedged item ¹

If the hedge relationship no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, it is discontinued. Where the hedge item still exists and is a
financial instrument at amortised cost, the fair value adjustment to the hedged item is amortised to the Income Statement from the date
of discontinuation over the period to maturity of the previously designated hedge relationship based on a recalculated effective interest
rate. If the hedged item is sold or repaid, the unamortised fair value adjustment is recognised immediately in the Income Statement.

SUSTAINABILITY

$M

CREATING VALUE

The Group risk management strategy (refer to notes 9.1 and 9.3) is to manage market risks within risk limits to minimise profit and capital
volatility. The use of derivative and other hedging instruments for hedging purposes gives rise to potential volatility in the Income Statement
because of mismatches in the accounting treatment between derivatives and other hedging instruments and the underlying exposures
being hedged. The Group applies hedge accounting to reduce volatility in the Income Statement from hedging activities undertaken.

OVERVIEW

Derivatives are initially recognised and subsequently measured at fair value. Subsequent to initial recognition, gains or losses on
derivatives are recognised in the Income Statement, unless they are entered into for hedging purposes and designated in a cash flow
hedge or in a net investment hedge.

Group

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

280
280

281
281

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

5.4

5.5

Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting (continued)

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

Investment securities

Economic relationships and hedge effectiveness

Group

Sources of hedge ineffectiveness affecting hedge accounting are:

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

$M

$M

$M

$M

Government bonds, notes and securities

86,751

79,215

80,342

73,922

Corporate and financial institution bonds, notes and securities

5,693

4,812

4,699

3,599

Covered bonds, mortgage backed securities and SSA ¹

12,153

10,309

9,677

7,896

Shares and equity investments

2,421

2,438

2,413

2,430

107,018

96,774

97,131

87,847

Total investment securities at fair value through OCI
Investment securities at amortised cost

• mismatches between the contractual terms of the hedged item and the hedging instrument.

Mortgage backed securities

633

1,239

633

1,239

No other significant sources of hedge ineffectiveness have arisen during the year.

Total investment securities at amortised cost

633

1,239

633

1,239

Embedded derivatives

Total investment securities

107,651

98,013

97,764

89,086

In certain instances, a derivative may be embedded within a financial liability host contract. It is accounted for separately as a stand-alone
derivative at fair value through income statement, where:

1 Supranational, Sovereign and Agency Securities (SSA).

• the host contract is not carried at fair value through the Income Statement; and
• the economic characteristics and risks of the embedded derivative are not closely related to the host contract.

As at 30 June 2025, investment securities at fair value through other comprehensive income expected to be recovered within 12 months
of the balance sheet date were $10,072 million (30 June 2024: $9,878 million) for the Group, and $8,619 million (30 June 2024: $8,533
million) for the Bank. As at 30 June 2025, investment securities at amortised cost amounts expected to be recovered within 12 months of
the balance sheet date were $202 million (30 June 2024: $598 million) for the Group and the Bank.

SUSTAINABILITY

• change in the credit risk of the hedging instrument; and

CREATING VALUE

Investment securities at fair value through OCI

Bank

30 Jun 25

OVERVIEW

The Group performs both prospective and retrospective tests to determine the economic relationship between the hedged item and the
hedging instrument, and to assess hedge effectiveness. At inception of the hedge relationship, prospective testing is performed on a
matched terms basis. This test checks that the critical terms are matched between the hedging instrument and the hedged item. At the
same time a hedging ratio is established by matching the notional of the derivatives with the principal of the portfolio or financial instruments
being hedged. In most cases the ratio is 100%. Retrospective testing for each reporting period uses a regression model, which compares
the change in the fair value of the hedged item and the change in the fair value of the hedging instrument. For a hedge to be deemed
effective, the change in fair values should be within 80% to 125% of each other. Should the result fall outside this range the hedge would
be deemed ineffective and recognised immediately through the Income Statement in line with each hedge relationship policy above.
• differences in discounting between the hedged item and the hedging instrument. Collateralised derivatives are discounted using
Overnight Indexed Swaps (OIS) discount curves, which are not applied to the hedged item;

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

Contractual maturity distribution and yield analysis

0 to 1 year

1 to 5 years

5 to 10 years

10 or more years

Nonmaturing

Total

%

$M

%

$M

%

$M

%

$M

$M

5,874

3.26

31,544

3.60

42,604

4.34

6,729

4.98

–

86,751

3,612

4.03

2,078

3.86

3

5.48

–

–

–

5,693

643

3.22

8,047

3.69

678

4.06

2,785

5.01

–

12,153

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

2,421

2,421

Investment securities at fair value
through OCI
Government bonds, notes and securities
Corporate and financial institution bonds,
notes and securities
Covered bonds, mortgage backed
securities and SSA
Shares and equity investments
Total investment securities at fair value
through OCI

10,129

41,669

43,285

9,514

2,421 107,018

Mortgage backed securities

–

Total investment securities

10,129

–

–
41,669

–

–
43,285

–

633
10,147

4.10

–

633

2,421 107,651

FINANCIAL REPORT

Investment securities at amortised
cost

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

$M

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Group
Maturity Period at 30 June 25

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

282
282

283
283

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

5.5

Investment securities (continued)

ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Investment securities primarily include publicly traded debt securities held as part of the Group’s liquidity portfolio.

Investment securities at fair value through Other Comprehensive Income
This category includes debt securities held within the business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash
flows and selling the assets. The contractual cash flows on these financial assets comprise payments of principal and interest only. These
securities are initially recognised at their fair value plus directly attributable transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, they are
measured at fair value through Other Comprehensive Income.

OVERVIEW
The Group’s other assets include assets not included in its lending, investing, trading and other banking activities. Other assets include
interest and fee receivables, receivables on unsettled trades, and intangible assets such as software, brand names and goodwill.

6.1

Intangible assets
Group

Bank

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

$M

$M

$M

$M

Goodwill

When debt securities at fair value through Other Comprehensive Income are derecognised, the cumulative gain or loss recognised in
Other Comprehensive Income is reclassified to the net other operating income line in the Income Statement.

Purchased goodwill at cost

5,289

5,285

2,501

2,501

Closing balance

5,289

5,285

2,501

2,501

Equity securities

Computer software costs
5,052

4,972

4,044

4,111

Accumulated amortisation

(2,445)

(2,843)

(1,744)

(2,217)

Investment securities at amortised cost

Closing balance

2,607

2,129

2,300

1,894

This category includes debt securities held within the business model whose objective is to hold financial assets in order to collect
contractual cash flows. The contractual cash flows on these financial assets comprise the payment of principal and interest only. These
securities are initially recognised at their fair value plus directly attributable transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, they are
measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method and are presented net of provisions for impairment. For the accounting
policy on provisions for impairment, refer to Note 3.2.

Brand names ¹
Cost

186

186

186

186

Closing balance

186

186

186

186

8,082

7,600

4,987

4,581

The Group hedges interest rate and foreign currency rate risk on certain investment securities. When fair value hedge accounting is
applied, the carrying values are adjusted for changes in fair value related to the hedged risks.

Total intangible assets

1 Brand names include the value of royalty costs foregone by the Group through acquiring the Bankwest brand name. The Bankwest brand name has an indefinite useful
life, as there is no foreseeable limit to the period over which the brand name is expected to generate cash flows. The brand name is not subject to amortisation, but
requires annual impairment testing. No impairment was recognised during the year.

Impairment tests for goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives
To assess whether goodwill and other assets with indefinite useful lives are impaired, the carrying amount of a cash-generating unit or a
group of cash-generating units are compared to the recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is determined based on fair value less
cost to sell, primarily using an earnings multiple applicable to that type of business. The category of this fair value is Level 3 as defined in
AASB 13 Fair Value Measurement.

Goodwill allocation to cash-generating units
Group

Bank
30 Jun 24

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

$M

$M

$M

$M

Retail Banking Services

3,763

3,763

2,002

2,002

Business Banking

1,241

1,241

499

499

New Zealand

262

258

–

–

Corporate Centre and Other

23

23

–

–

5,289

5,285

2,501

2,501

Total

FINANCIAL REPORT

30 Jun 25

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Earnings multiples relating to the Group’s banking cash-generating units are sourced from publicly available data associated with
Australian businesses displaying similar characteristics to those cash-generating units and are applied to current earnings. The key
assumption is the price-earnings (P/E) multiple observed for these businesses, which for the banking businesses were in the range of
15.7x-15.9x (30 June 2024: 14.3x-15.0x).

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Cost

SUSTAINABILITY

This category also includes non-traded equity instruments designated at fair value through Other Comprehensive Income. Fair value gains
and losses and foreign exchange gains and losses on these equity instruments are recognised in Other Comprehensive Income and are
not reclassified to the Income Statement on derecognition.

CREATING VALUE

Interest income and foreign exchange gains and losses on these securities are recognised in the Income Statement. The securities are
assessed for impairment using the expected credit loss approach described in Note 3.2. Impairment is recognised in the loan impairment
expense line in the Income Statement.

Other assets

OVERVIEW

Debt securities

6

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

284
284

285
285

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

6.1

6.1

Intangible assets (continued)

Reconciliation of the carrying amounts of intangible assets is set out below:

ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Group

Bank
30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

$M

$M

$M

5,285

5,295

2,501

2,501

Additions

–

5

–

–

Reclassification to assets held for sale

–

(13)

–

–

Foreign exchange and other adjustments

4

(2)

–

–

5,289

5,285

2,501

2,501

Opening balance

2,129

1,912

1,894

1,653

Additions ¹

1,161

932

1,003

826

Goodwill

Closing balance
Computer software costs

Goodwill
Goodwill arises on the acquisition of a business and represents the excess of the consideration paid over the fair value of the net assets
and liabilities acquired. Goodwill is tested for impairment annually through allocation to a group of cash-generating units (CGUs). The
CGUs’ recoverable amount is then compared to the carrying amount of the CGUs including goodwill and an impairment is recognised for
any excess carrying value.

Computer software costs
Certain internal and external costs directly incurred in acquiring and developing software are capitalised and amortised over the estimated
useful life on a straight-line basis. The majority of software projects are amortised over three to five years. Software maintenance is
expensed as incurred.

(30)

–

–

(683)

(685)

(597)

(585)

Closing balance

2,607

2,129

2,300

1,894

Opening balance

186

186

186

186

Critical accounting judgements and estimates

Closing balance

186

186

186

186

8,082

7,600

4,987

4,581

Goodwill is allocated to CGUs whose recoverable amount is calculated for the purpose of impairment testing. The recoverable amount
calculation relies primarily on publicly available earnings multiples, which are disclosed on page 283.

Brand names

Total intangible assets
1 Primarily relates to internal software development costs.

Brand names
Brand names include the Bankwest brand name acquired in a business combination and initially recognised at fair value. The Bankwest
brand name has an indefinite useful life as there is no foreseeable limit to the period over which it is expected to generate cash flows.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

–

Amortisation and impairment

Reclassification to assets held for sale

SUSTAINABILITY

SaaS arrangements are service contracts providing the Group with the right to access the provider’s application software over the contract
period. Costs incurred to configure or customise, and the ongoing fees to obtain access to the provider's application software, are generally
recognised as operating expenses when the services are received. Costs incurred for the development of software code that enhances,
modifies or creates additional capability to existing on-premise systems and meets the recognition criteria for an intangible asset are
capitalised and amortised over their estimated useful life on a straight-line basis.

CREATING VALUE

30 Jun 24

$M

Intangible assets are identifiable non-monetary assets without physical substance. They are recognised only if it is probable the asset will
generate future benefits for the Group. Those assets with an indefinite useful life are tested for impairment annually. All intangible assets
must be tested for impairment when there is an indication that its carrying amount may be greater than its recoverable amount.
OVERVIEW

30 Jun 25

Opening balance

Intangible assets (continued)

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

DIRECTORS’ REPORT
FINANCIAL REPORT
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

286
286

287
287

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

6.2

Other assets

7
Group ¹

Note

Our liabilities
Other
liabilities

Bank ¹

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

$M

$M

$M

$M

4,501

4,446

4,752

4,523

OVERVIEW
Other liabilities include provisions, interest payable, fees and bills payable and unsettled trade liabilities. Provisions principally cover annual
leave and long service leave employee entitlements, customer remediation, compliance and regulation programs, litigation and
restructuring. It also includes provisions for impairment losses on financial guarantees and other off balance sheet instruments issued by
the Group.

361

336

283

3,427

2,427

3,048

Intragroup current tax receivable

–

–

93

93

Current tax assets

30

21

20

21

Prepayments

850

629

754

538

Certain provisions involve significant judgement to determine the likely outcome of events as well as a reliable estimate of the outflows.
Where future events are uncertain and where the outflow cannot be reliably determined, these are disclosed as contingent liabilities.
Contingent liabilities are not recognised on the Group’s Balance Sheet but are disclosed in Note 12.1 Contingent Liabilities, and in Note
7.1, in respect of litigation, investigations and reviews.

596

436

596

436

7.1

819

1,671

533

951

Other ²

1,474

912

1,392

667

Total other assets

11,626

11,903

10,903

10,560

Securities sold not delivered

Defined benefit superannuation plan surplus
Investments in associates and joint ventures

10.2

Provisions
Group

Note

Bank

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

$M

$M

$M

$M

Employee entitlements

1,124

1,112

1,008

991

Except for the defined benefits superannuation plan surplus and investments in associates and joint ventures, the majority of the above
amounts are expected to be recovered within 12 months of the balance sheet date.

Customer remediation

317

213

217

157

Dividends

ACCOUNTING POLICIES

The Group assesses at each balance sheet date, whether there is any objective evidence of impairment. If there is an indication that an
investment may be impaired, then the entire carrying amount of the investment in associate or joint venture is tested for impairment by
comparing the recoverable amount (higher of value in use and fair value less disposal costs) with the carrying amount. The subsequent
reversal of impairment losses is recognised in the Income Statement if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the
recoverable amount since the impairment loss was recognised.

176

183

12

4

4

Divestments and restructuring

789

959

774

949

Off balance sheet instruments

204

223

193

203

Other

215

206

204

194

2,831

2,908

2,576

2,681

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

$M

$M

$M

$M

2,432

2,423

2,205

2,213

Total provisions

Maturity distribution of provisions
Group

Less than twelve months
More than twelve months
Total provisions

Bank

399

485

371

468

2,831

2,908

2,576

2,681

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Associates and joint ventures are entities over which the Group has significant influence or joint control, but not control. In the consolidated
financial report, they are equity accounted. They are initially recorded at cost and adjusted for the Group’s share of the associates’ and
joint ventures’ post-acquisition profits or losses and other comprehensive income, less any dividends received. At the Bank level, they are
accounted for at cost less accumulated impairments.

183

6

8.4

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Other assets include interest and fee receivables, current tax assets, prepayments, receivables on unsettled trades and the surplus within
defined benefit plans. Interest receivables are recognised on an accruals basis. Fees and reimbursements receivable are recognised
once the service is provided. Trade date accounted securities sold not delivered, consistent with the Group’s policy for all financial assets
measured at fair value through profit or loss or at fair value through other comprehensive income, are recognised between trade execution
and final settlement. The remaining other assets are recognised on an accrual or service performed basis and amortised over the period
in which the economic benefits from these assets are received. The Group’s net obligation or surplus in respect of defined benefit plans
is calculated separately for each plan by estimating the amount of future benefit that employees have earned in the current and prior
period, discounting that amount and deducting the fair value of any plan assets. Further defined benefit plan details are provided in Note
10.2.

176

Compliance and regulation

SUSTAINABILITY

1 Comparative information has been restated to conform to the presentation in the current year.
2 As at 30 June 2025, other assets include $6 million of proceeds receivable in relation to divestments of businesses (30 June 2024: $249 million).

CREATING VALUE

398
2,958

Accrued fees and reimbursements receivable

OVERVIEW

Accrued interest receivable

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

FINANCIAL REPORT
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

288
288

289
289

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

7.1

7.1

Provisions (continued)
Group

Provisions (continued)

Provisions for employee entitlements (such as long service leave, annual leave and other employee benefits)

Bank

This provision is calculated based on expected payments. Where the payments are expected to be more than one year in the future, it
factors in the expected period of service by employees, as well as salary increases. These future obligations are discounted using a
market observable rate.

$M

$M

$M

$M

Opening balance

213

346

157

311

This provision covers customer remediation costs and related program costs.

Additional provisions

210

179

139

156

Dividends

Amounts utilised during the year

(97)

(312)

(79)

(310)

This provision relates to dividends for prior periods which have not been settled at the balance sheet date.

Release of provisions

(9)

–

–

–

Closing balance

317

213

217

157

Opening balance

12

98

4

84

Amounts utilised during the year

(6)

(72)

–

(66)

Release of provisions

–

(14)

–

(14)

Closing balance

6

12

4

4

Opening balance

959

844

949

836

Additional provisions

82

372

71

361

Amounts utilised during the year

(252)

(257)

(246)

(248)

Closing balance

789

959

774

949

Customer remediation:

Customer remediation

Compliance and regulation:

Divestments and restructuring:

223

159

203

154

Additional provisions

–

64

–

49

Release of provisions

(19)

–

(10)

–

Closing balance

204

223

193

203

206

298

194

280

Other:
Opening balance

This provision relates to litigation, project and other administrative costs associated with certain compliance and regulatory programs of
the Group.

Divestments and restructuring
This provision includes expenses arising from changes in the scope of the Group’s business relating primarily to divestment transactions
including related warranties and indemnities. The provision includes costs, which are both necessarily entailed by the divestment and are
not associated with the ongoing activities of the Group. A provision for restructuring costs is only recognised when the Group has a detailed
formal restructuring plan and the restructuring has either commenced or has been publicly announced.

Other provisions
Other provisions include self-insurance provisions, make-good provisions in relation to property leases, and provisions for certain other
costs.

Critical accounting judgements and estimates
Provisions are held in respect of a range of future obligations, some of which involve significant judgement about the likely outcome of
various events and estimated future cash flows.

Customer remediation

Off balance sheet instruments:
Opening balance

Compliance and regulation

Provisions for customer remediation require significant levels of estimation and judgement. The amount raised depends on a number of
different assumptions, such as the number of potentially impacted customers, the number of years impacted, the forecast refund rate and
the average cost per case. The Group is committed to comprehensively and efficiently addressing the full range of remediation issues
impacting customers of the Banking and former Wealth Management businesses. Significant resources have been committed to a
comprehensive program of work, to undertake remediation and so that issues are identified and addressed.

Additional provisions

28

43

28

43

Amounts utilised during the year

(19)

(79)

(18)

(75)

–

(56)

–

(54)

The Group made all customer refunds in relation to ongoing service fee remediation during the year ended 30 June 2024.

215

206

204

194

Litigation, investigations and reviews

Release of provisions
Closing balance

ACCOUNTING POLICIES

The Group is party to a number of legal proceedings, and the subject of various investigations and reviews. Provisions have been raised
in accordance with the principles outlined in the accounting policy section of this note. Disclosures about provisions raised in relation to
specific matters are not provided where such information is expected to seriously prejudice the position of the Group.

Litigation
The main litigated claims against the Group as at 30 June 2025 are summarised below.

It was alleged in the class actions that CBA shareholders who acquired an interest in CBA shares between 16 June 2014 and 3 August
2017 suffered losses as a result of the alleged conduct. On 10 May 2024, the Federal Court handed down judgment in CBA’s favour and
on 28 May 2024 orders were made dismissing both class actions. The applicants appealed the Federal Court’s decision to the Full Court
of the Federal Court of Australia and CBA defended the appeals. Following the hearing of the appeals in November 2024, the Full Court’s
reasons for judgment was handed down on 7 May 2025. The Full Court indicated that while the appeals were partially allowed, and that
CBA had breached its continuous disclosure obligations from 24 April 2017 until the AUSTRAC proceedings were commenced on 3
August 2017 in certain respects, the primary judge’s orders dismissing the class actions remained undisturbed. No final orders have been
made in the appeals, and the final outcome of the appeals may be subject to potential further appeal. It is currently not possible to
determine the ultimate impact of these claims, if any, on the Group.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Shareholder class actions
In October 2017 and June 2018, two separate shareholder class action proceedings were filed against CBA in the Federal Court of
Australia, alleging breaches of CBA’s continuous disclosure obligations and misleading and deceptive conduct in relation to the subject
matter of the civil penalty proceedings brought against CBA by the Australian Transaction Reports and Analysis Centre (AUSTRAC). The
AUSTRAC proceedings concerned contraventions of the Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing Act 2006 (Cth)
(AML/CTF Act). The resolution of the AUSTRAC civil penalty proceedings was approved by the Federal Court on 20 June 2018 with CBA
paying a penalty of $700 million and legal costs.

FINANCIAL REPORT

Provisions are recognised for present obligations arising from past events where a payment to settle the obligation is probable and can
be reliably estimated. Where the effect of the time value of money is material, the amount of the provision is measured as the present
value of expenditures required to settle the obligation, based on a market observable rate. Where a payment to settle an obligation is not
probable or cannot be reliably estimated, no provision is recognised. Such obligations are disclosed as contingent liabilities.

As at 30 June 2025, the Group also held a provision of $16 million (30 June 2024: $40 million) in relation to Aligned Advice remediation.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

As at 30 June 2025, the provision held by the Group in relation to Banking customer remediation programs was $301 million (30 June
2024: $173 million). The provision includes an estimate of customer refunds (including interest) in relation to remediation of certain fees
and charges relating to business and retail banking products and services, as well as remediation of aspects of CBA's historical
treatment of customer loss resulting from some types of unauthorised transactions, including certain specific scenarios involving remote
access scams.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

30 Jun 24

SUSTAINABILITY

30 Jun 25

CREATING VALUE

30 Jun 24

OVERVIEW

30 Jun 25

Reconciliation

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

290
290

291
291

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

7.1

7.1

Provisions (continued)

Superannuation class actions
The Group is also defending two class actions in relation to superannuation products.

On 1 December 2021, the Group completed the sale of a 55% interest in Colonial First State (CFS) (including CFSIL and AIL) to KKR.
CBA has assumed carriage of the superannuation class actions proceedings on CFSIL’s and AIL’s behalf subject to the terms of a conduct
indemnity deed between CBA, CFSIL and AIL. The Group has provided for certain legal and other costs associated with its obligations
under the indemnity deed.

In their claim, the plaintiffs argue that ASB is not entitled to retain any interest or fees paid by any class member for the period during
which it is alleged that ASB did not provide, and has not provided, compliant variation disclosure under the CCCFA. ASB denies that the
relief sought by the plaintiffs is available to them and is vigorously defending the proceedings.
It is not possible to determine the ultimate impact of this claim on the Group.

Regulatory enforcement proceedings
New Zealand Financial Markets Authority (FMA) proceedings
On 7 October 2024, the FMA commenced civil proceedings in the High Court of New Zealand alleging ASB made false and misleading
representations in contravention of section 22 of the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 (NZ) in respect of two matters. The first matter
relates to multi-policy discounts that were not applied to some insurance policies underwritten by IAG New Zealand Limited. The second
matter relates to FastNet Business fees that were incorrectly charged to some customers.
The FMA alleges between April 2014 (when the relevant legislation came into force) and May 2022 a total of 23,062 customers were
affected by the multi-policy discount issue and 2,435 customers were affected by the FastNet Business fees issue.
The issues were self-reported to the FMA. ASB has completed remediation of both matters.
ASB is considering the FMA’s claim and has been granted an extension to 16 August 2025 to file a defence in respect of the two matters.
The Group has provided for certain costs associated with these matters.

Ongoing regulatory investigations and reviews
The Group undertakes ongoing compliance activities, including regulatory engagement, breach reporting, customer remediations, and
reviews of products, advice, conduct, services provided to customers (including interest, fees and premiums charged), scams and financial
crime matters. Some of these activities have resulted in remediation programs and, where required, the Group consults with the relevant
regulator and other bodies on the proposed remediation action.
Provisions have been recognised by the Group where the criteria outlined in the accounting policy section of this note are satisfied.
Contingent liabilities exist with respect to these matters where it is not possible to determine the extent of any obligation to remediate or
the potential liability cannot be reliably estimated.
There are also a range of ongoing matters where domestic or foreign regulators or other bodies are investigating whether CBA, ASB or
another Group entity has breached laws, or regulatory or other obligations. For ASB, the scope of regulatory investigations and reviews
may relate to or have related in recent years to matters including anti-money laundering and counter terrorism financing obligations,
responsible lending practices, disclosure obligations, interest and fees and the entitlement to charge them, customer remediations,
competition and fair dealing obligations. Where a breach has occurred, or obligations have not been met by a Group entity, regulators or
other bodies may impose, or apply to a Court for, fines and/or other sanctions or may require remediation. These matters include
investigations of a number of issues which were notified to, or identified by, regulators or other bodies.
In addition to regulatory investigations, enforcement actions, fines and other financial penalties, there may also be financial exposure to
claims by customers, third parties and shareholders and this could include further class actions, customer remediation or claims for
compensation or other remedies. The outcomes and total costs associated with such matters, and possible claims, individually or
collectively, remain uncertain.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Count Financial was a wholly owned subsidiary of CBA until 1 October 2019, when it was acquired by Count Limited. CBA has assumed
the conduct of the defence in this matter on Count Financial’s behalf. Count Financial denies the allegations made against it and will
defend the appeal proceedings. The Group has provided for certain legal and other costs associated with any indemnity obligations.

The plaintiffs' class definition covers all customers who had a home or personal loan with ASB between 6 June 2015 and 18 June 2019
covered by the CCCFA and who were not provided with compliant variation disclosure. Given this definition and the fact that issues raised
in the claim have not been determined by the New Zealand courts before, the size of the class is unknown. However, the class and the
allegations made in the proceedings would potentially cover hundreds of thousands of loans.

FINANCIAL REPORT

On 24 August 2020 a class action was commenced against Count Financial Limited (Count Financial) in the Federal Court of Australia.
The proceeding relates to commissions paid to Count Financial and its financial advisers in respect of financial products (including
insurance) and certain obligations of its financial advisers to provide ongoing advice in the period 21 August 2014 to 21 August 2020. The
claim also includes allegations (related to the receipt of commissions) that Count Financial engaged in misleading or deceptive conduct,
and that Count Financial and its authorised representatives breached fiduciary duties owed to the applicant and group members. The
claim sought compensation and damages from Count Financial, including any profits resulting from the alleged contraventions. A pre-trial
mediation did not resolve the class action and the matter proceeded to a 3 week initial trial in March 2024. On 27 May 2025, judgment
was handed down dismissing the class action, with an order for legal costs in favour of Count Financial. An appeal by the applicant to the
Full Court of the Federal Court of Australia was filed on 24 June 2025. The Court has not yet scheduled the appeal hearing.

The class action is continuing in the High Court.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Advice class actions
On 21 August 2020, a class action was filed in the Federal Court of Australia against Commonwealth Financial Planning Limited (CFP),
Financial Wisdom Limited (FWL) and CMLA. The claim relates to certain CMLA life insurance policies recommended during the period 21
August 2014 to 21 August 2020 by financial advisers appointed by CFP and FWL. On 16 November 2021, AIAA (which from 1 April 2021
was liable for and assumed certain liabilities of CMLA under the Part 9 Scheme) was joined as a fourth respondent to the class action.
The key allegations include that CFP and FWL or their financial advisers breached their fiduciary duties to their clients, breached their
duty to act in the best interest of their clients, and had prioritised their own interests (and the interests of CFP, FWL and CMLA) over the
interests of their clients, in recommending certain CMLA life insurance policies in preference to substantially equivalent or better policies
available at lower premiums from third party insurers. It is also alleged that CMLA knew the material facts giving rise to the breaches of
fiduciary duty. CFP, FWL, CMLA and AIAA deny the allegations and are defending the proceedings. A Court ordered mediation is due to
take place on 6 November 2025. It is currently not possible to determine the ultimate impact of this claim, if any, on the Group.

On 20 December 2024, the Supreme Court of New Zealand dismissed ASB’s application for leave to appeal the Court of Appeal’s decision
to make a common fund order in favour of the plaintiffs.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

The class action commenced against CFSIL in the Federal Court of Australia on 18 October 2019 was dismissed on 30 May 2025,
following a settlement with no admission as to liability. The claim related to certain fees charged to members of the FirstChoice Fund. It
alleged that CFSIL breached its duties as trustee and acted unconscionably because it failed, between 2013 and 2019, to take steps to
avoid the payment of grandfathered commissions to financial advisers, which would have resulted in a reduction of the fees paid by
members in respect of whom those commissions were paid. CFSIL denied the allegations and defended the proceedings.

On 23 and 24 April 2024, the New Zealand Court of Appeal heard ASB’s appeal from an earlier High Court decision permitting the plaintiffs
to pursue their claims as an opt-out representative proceeding on behalf of a class. On 19 July 2024, the Court of Appeal confirmed the
earlier Court’s decision to allow the plaintiffs to bring the action against ASB as an opt-out representative action.

SUSTAINABILITY

On 22 January 2020, a further class action was filed against CFSIL and The Colonial Mutual Life Assurance Society Limited (CMLA) in
the Federal Court of Australia. On 22 October 2021, AIA Australia Limited (AIAA), which from 1 April 2021 was liable for and assumed
certain liabilities of CMLA under a life insurance scheme pursuant to Part 9 of the Life Insurance Act 1995 (Cth) (Part 9 Scheme), was
joined as a third respondent to the class action. The class action alleges that CFSIL did not act in the best interests of members and
breached its trustee duties when taking out group insurance policies obtained from CMLA. The key allegation is that CFSIL entered into
and maintained insurance policies with CMLA on terms that were less favourable to members than would have reasonably been available
in the market. It is alleged that CMLA was knowingly involved in CFSIL’s contraventions as trustee and profited from those contraventions.
CFSIL, CMLA and AIAA deny the allegations and are defending the proceedings. Mediations in December 2023 and June 2025 failed to
resolve the class action which is listed for an initial trial commencing on 6 October 2025.

Proceedings were served on CBA subsidiary ASB Bank Limited (ASB) on 29 September 2021 by plaintiffs seeking to bring a representative
(class action) proceeding against ASB in the High Court of New Zealand. The proceedings relate to ASB’s compliance with parts of the
Credit Contracts and Consumer Finance Act 2003 (NZ) (CCCFA) which requires a variation disclosure to be issued when customers and
ASB make agreed changes to loan agreements captured under the CCCFA.

CREATING VALUE

The main claims are that members who invested in these cash and deposit options received lower interest rates than they could have
received had CFSIL/AIL offered similar products made available in the market by another bank with comparable risk and that CFSIL/AIL
retained the margin that arose, through the internal transfer pricing process in respect of deposits made with CBA, for their own benefit.
It is claimed CFSIL/AIL breached their duties as a trustee of the funds, CFSIL breached its duties as a Responsible Entity of the underlying
managed investment schemes and that CBA was involved in CFSIL/AIL’s breaches. CBA, CFSIL and AIL deny the allegations and are
defending the proceedings. The Court has ordered that a mediation take place by 8 May 2026 and has listed the matter for trial
commencing 9 November 2026.

ASB class action

OVERVIEW

On 9 October 2018, a class action was filed against Colonial First State Investments Limited (CFSIL) and CBA in the Federal Court of
Australia. The claim initially related to investment in cash and deposit options (which are cash and deposit products provided by CBA) in
the Colonial First State First Choice Superannuation Trust (FirstChoice Fund) and Commonwealth Essential Super, and later expanded
to join Avanteos Investments Limited (AIL) as a party in respect of claims regarding the FirstWrap Pooled Cash Account.

Provisions (continued)

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

292
292

293
293

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

7.1

7.2

Provisions (continued)

Bills payable and other liabilities

Other regulatory matters

Group

The following matters were significant regulatory investigations and reviews, which have been completed, but have resulted in ongoing
action required by the Group.

The Group also continues to invest in people, systems, processes and controls to respond to rapidly evolving regulatory environments,
developments in scams, and financial crime and other changes in the landscape in which it operates, such as the increasingly
sophisticated use of technology by criminals targeting the financial system, and the increase of scams, fraud, and ransomware and cyberattacks.

The Group also continues to review and remediate a number of known AML/CTF compliance issues. As this work progresses, further
compliance issues have been and may continue to be identified and reported to AUSTRAC or other regulators, who may also investigate
certain matters, and additional enhancements of systems and processes may be required.
The Group provides updates to AUSTRAC and other regulators on its AML/CTF Program and other financial crime compliance capabilities,
related enhancements and remediation activities.

Other matters
Exposures to divested businesses

$M

319

343

247

286

Accrued interest payable

6,644

7,233

6,268

6,561

Accrued fees, employee incentives and other items payable ¹

4,793

4,353

4,419

4,013

Securities purchased not delivered

3,314

3,064

2,786

2,675

777

763

749

723

Lease liabilities

2,277

2,454

2,091

2,259

Other

1,810

814

2,783

1,585

Total bills payable and other liabilities

19,934

19,024

19,343

18,102

Bills payable

Unearned income ²

1 As at 30 June 2025, accrued fees payable include trail commissions payable of $2,387 million (30 June 2024: $2,332 million).
2 Unearned income includes annual facility fees, commitment fees and upfront fees that are deferred and recognised over the service periods. Of the unearned income
recognised at the beginning of the period, the Group and the Bank recognised $565 million and $560 million, respectively, as income during the year ended
30 June 2025 (30 June 2024: $546 million for the Group and $541 million for the Bank).

ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Bills payable and other liabilities include accrued interest payable, accrued incentives payable, accrued fees payable, lease liabilities and
unearned income. Bills payable and other liabilities are measured at the contractual amount payable. As most payables are short-term in
nature, the contractual amount payable approximates fair value.
Where the Group is a lessee, all leases are recognised on the Balance Sheet as a lease liability and right-of-use asset, unless the
underlying asset is of low value or the lease has a term of 12 months or less. Rentals of leases with low value underlying assets or where
the lease term is 12 months or less are recognised over the lease term as operating expenses in the Income Statement. Lease liabilities
are initially measured at the net present value of fixed and variable contractual lease payments as well as expected payments associated
with residual value guarantees/purchase options or early lease termination.
Lease liabilities are remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments. When lease liabilities are remeasured, a corresponding
adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset or is recognised in the Income Statement if the carrying amount of the
right-of-use asset has been fully written down. Lease liabilities are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.

Critical accounting judgements and estimates
The measurement of trail commission liabilities is dependent on assumptions about the behavioural life and future outstanding balances
of the underlying transactions. A provision for trail commissions is only recognised to the extent that the Group can reliably estimate the
future cash flows arising from a past event.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

The Group has potential exposures to divested businesses, including through the provision of services, warranties and indemnities. These
exposures may have an adverse impact on the Group’s financial performance and position. The Group has recognised provisions where
payments in relation to the exposures are probable and reliably measurable.

$M

FINANCIAL REPORT

Enforceable undertaking (EU) to the Australian Communications and Media Authority (ACMA)
In connection with breaches of certain provisions of the Spam Act 2003 (Cth) (Spam Act), CBA paid the ACMA a fine of $3.55 million and
on 2 June 2023 entered into an EU with the ACMA. Following a subsequent investigation by the ACMA, which was commenced in January
2024, CBA has paid the ACMA an additional fine of $7.5 million in connection with other breaches of the Spam Act relating to the way in
which CBA classified certain electronic messages for the purposes of the Spam Act. CBA fully cooperated with the ACMA’s investigation
and the EU with the ACMA was amended on 3 October 2024. As required by the amended EU, CBA has appointed an independent expert
to review its current procedures, policies, training and systems relating to CBA’s compliance with the Spam Act. CBA is committed to
implementing the independent expert’s recommendations, providing ongoing compliance reports to the ACMA, and training relevant
personnel.

$M

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Although the Group is not currently aware of any enforcement proceeding being commenced by any domestic or foreign regulators in
respect of its financial crime compliance, the Group regularly engages with such regulators, including in respect of compliance issues,
and there can be no assurance that the Group will not be subject to such enforcement proceedings in the future.
CommSec Compliance Program
As part of the proceedings ASIC commenced against Commonwealth Securities Limited (CommSec) in October 2022, the Federal Court
ordered CommSec to undertake a compliance program. As required by the program, CommSec has appointed an independent expert to
review the adequacy and effectiveness of its remediation of the issues in the proceedings and their root causes, as well as the adequacy
of its systems and controls. The independent expert prepared an initial report and CommSec agreed a remedial action plan with ASIC, to
address the recommendations made in the report. CommSec completed implementation of the actions in the remedial action plan in April
2025, and the independent expert is conducting a review of that implementation.

30 Jun 24

$M

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

However, there is no assurance that AUSTRAC or other regulators will agree that the Group’s enhancements to its financial crime
compliance capabilities, including through the multi-year Program of Action and Financial Crime Domain, are adequate or will effectively
enhance the Group’s financial crime compliance programs across its business units and the jurisdictions in which it operates. There is
also a risk of undetected failure of internal controls, or the ineffective remediation of compliance issues which could lead to breaches of
AML/CTF, sanctions, anti-bribery and corruption and anti-tax evasion facilitation obligations, resulting in potentially significant monetary
and regulatory penalties.

30 Jun 25

SUSTAINABILITY

The Group continues to undertake activities to improve financial crime related processes and controls, including in relation to data
completeness and accuracy, transaction monitoring coverage and the quality and timeliness of ongoing customer due diligence.

30 Jun 24

CREATING VALUE

Recognising the crucial role that the Group plays in fighting financial crime, it continues to invest significantly in its financial crime disruption
capabilities, including in its central AML/CTF Compliance team, its business unit-led risk teams, Financial Crime Operations team and
through the Program of Action (now called Financial Crime Domain), with coverage across financial crime (including AML/CTF, sanctions,
anti-bribery and corruption and anti-tax evasion facilitation).

Bank

30 Jun 25

OVERVIEW

Financial crime compliance
As noted above, in 2018 the Group resolved the AUSTRAC proceedings relating to contraventions of anti-money laundering/counterterrorism financing (AML/CTF) laws. CBA continues to address the underlying causes of the AML/CTF Act failings that resulted in
AUSTRAC commencing its proceedings.

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

294
294

295
295

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

8

Our capital, equity and reserves

8.2

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

Loan capital
Group
Currency

OVERVIEW

amount (M)

Endnotes

Bank

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

$M

$M

$M

$M

Undated

PERLS X

AUD 1,365

1

–

1,364

–

1,363

This section provides an analysis of the Group’s shareholders’ equity including changes during the period.

Undated

PERLS XII

AUD 1,650

1

1,646

1,644

1,645

1,643

8.1

Undated

PERLS XIII

AUD 1,180

1

1,178

1,176

1,177

1,175

Undated

PERLS XIV

AUD 1,750

1

1,741

1,738

1,740

1,737

Undated

PERLS XV

AUD 1,777

1

1,766

1,760

1,764

1,759

Undated

PERLS XVI

AUD 1,550

1

1,536

1,532

1,535

1,530

7,867

9,214

7,861

9,207

Capital adequacy

The Bank is an Authorised Deposit-taking Institution (ADI) regulated by APRA under the authority of the Banking Act 1959 (Cth). APRA
has set minimum regulatory capital requirements for banks based on the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS) guidelines.
The Basel III measurement and monitoring of capital has been effective from 1 January 2013. APRA adopted a more conservative
approach than the minimum standards published by the BCBS and adopted an accelerated timetable for implementation.
These requirements were revised by APRA, effective 1 January 2023, in order to increase the risk sensitivity within the capital framework,
enhance the ability of ADIs to respond flexibly to future stress events, and to improve the comparability of the Australian framework with
international standards.

Total Tier 1 loan capital
Tier 2 loan capital
2

14,221

11,221

14,221

11,221

USD denominated

3

16,530

14,440

16,530

14,440

The regulatory capital requirements are measured for the Extended Licenced Entity Group (known as “Level 1”, comprising the Bank and
APRA approved subsidiaries) and for the Bank and all of its banking subsidiaries, which includes ASB Bank (known as “Level 2”).

JPY denominated

4

684

603

684

603

All entities which are consolidated for accounting purposes are included within the Group’s capital adequacy calculations except for:

EUR denominated

5

1,790

3,223

1,790

3,223

Other currencies denominated

6

534

189

534

189

• the insurance subsidiary; and

Regulatory capital is divided into Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1), Additional Tier 1 Capital and Tier 2 Capital. CET1 primarily consists of
shareholders’ equity, less goodwill and other prescribed regulatory adjustments. Additional Tier 1 Capital is comprised of certain securities
with features as described in APRA’s prudential standard APS 111 Capital Adequacy: Measurement of Capital and other prescribed
regulatory adjustments. Tier 1 Capital is the aggregate of CET1 and Additional Tier 1 Capital. Tier 2 Capital is comprised of instruments
that fall short of necessary conditions to qualify as Additional Tier 1 Capital and other prescribed regulatory adjustments. Total Capital is
the aggregate of Tier 1 and Tier 2 Capital.
Capital adequacy is measured by means of risk based capital ratios. The capital ratios reflect capital (CET1, Additional Tier 1, Tier 2 and
Total Capital) as a percentage of total Risk Weighted Assets (RWA). RWA represents an allocation of risks associated with the Group’s
assets and other related exposures.

The Group’s capital position is monitored on a continuous basis and reported monthly to the Executive Leadership Team, Asset and
Liability Committee and at regular intervals throughout the year to the Board.

29,676

33,759

29,676

(2,653)

(2,952)

(2,652)

(2,952)

Total loan capital ¹

38,973

35,938

38,968

35,931

1 Loan capital includes a $683 million increase from fair value hedge adjustment movements and foreign exchange losses (30 June 2024: $239 million decrease from
fair value hedge adjustment movements and foreign exchange gains).

As at 30 June 2025, $912 million of securities issued by the Group and the Bank were contractually due for redemption in the next 12
months (30 June 2024: nil). The Group has the right to call some securities before the contractual maturity. On 22 July 2025, CBA informed
affected noteholders of its intention to redeem $1,400 million in subordinated notes in September 2025.

1. PERLS XII, PERLS XIII, PERLS XIV, PERLS XV and PERLS XVI
On 6 April 2018, the Bank issued $1,365 million of CommBank PERLS X Capital Notes (PERLS X) which were fully redeemed on 15 April
2025. On 14 November 2019, the Bank issued $1,650 million of CommBank PERLS XII Capital Notes (PERLS XII). On 1 April 2021, the
Bank issued $1,180 million of CommBank PERLS XIII Capital Notes (PERLS XIII). On 31 March 2022, the Bank issued $1,750 million of
CommBank PERLS XIV Capital Notes (PERLS XIV). On 15 November 2022, the Bank issued $1,777 million of CommBank PERLS XV
Capital Notes (PERLS XV). On 9 June 2023, the Bank issued $1,550 million of CommBank PERLS XVI Capital Notes (PERLS XVI).
PERLS XII, PERLS XIII, PERLS XIV, PERLS XV and PERLS XVI are subordinated, unsecured notes listed on the ASX and are subject
to New South Wales law. They qualify as Additional Tier 1 Capital of the Bank under Basel III as implemented by APRA.

2. AUD denominated Tier 2 loan capital issuances
• $1,400 million subordinated notes issued September 2020, due September 2030;
• $1,500 million subordinated notes issued August 2021, due August 2031;
• $700 million subordinated notes issued April 2022, due April 2032;
• $400 million subordinated notes issued April 2022, due April 2032;
• $300 million subordinated notes issued September 2022, due September 2037;
• $900 million subordinated notes issued November 2022, due November 2032;
• $1,100 million subordinated notes issued November 2022, due November 2032;

• $550 million subordinated notes issued October 2023, due October 2033;
• $300 million subordinated notes issued December 2023, due December 2043;
• $1,500 million subordinated notes issued November 2024, due November 2039;
• $1,100 million subordinated notes issued June 2025, due September 2035;
• $400 million subordinated notes issued June 2025, due September 2035;
• $100 million subordinated Euro Medium Term Notes (EMTN) issued September 2019, due September 2034;
• $280 million subordinated EMTN issued March 2020, due March 2035;

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

• $1,750 million subordinated notes issued March 2023, due March 2038;
• $700 million subordinated notes issued October 2023, due October 2033;

FINANCIAL REPORT

The Group’s capital ratios throughout the 2023, 2024 and 2025 financial years were in compliance with both APRA minimum capital
adequacy requirements and the Board approved minimums. The Group is required to inform APRA immediately of any breach or potential
breach of its minimum prudential capital adequacy requirements, including details of remedial action taken or planned to be taken.

33,759

Fair value hedge adjustments

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

The Group has a range of instruments and methodologies available to effectively manage capital. These include issuances and buy-backs
of ordinary shares, dividend and DRP policies, subordinated loan capital issuances qualifying as Tier 2 Capital, and the redemption of
existing Additional Tier 1 Capital and Tier 2 Capital instruments according to their terms and conditions. All major capital related initiatives
require approval of the Board.

Total Tier 2 loan capital

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

• certain entities through which securitisation of the Group’s assets are conducted where such entities meet APRA’s capital relief
requirements.

SUSTAINABILITY

AUD denominated

The requirements define what is acceptable as capital and provide methods of measuring the risks incurred by the Group.

CREATING VALUE

Tier 1 loan capital

OVERVIEW

The Group maintains a strong capital position in order to satisfy regulatory capital requirements, provide financial security to its depositors
and creditors, and deliver an adequate return to its shareholders. The Group’s shareholders’ equity includes issued ordinary shares,
retained profits and reserves.

296
296

297
297

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

8.2

8.3

Loan capital (continued)

Shareholders’ equity

• $210 million subordinated EMTN issued May 2020, due May 2035;

Group

• $205 million subordinated EMTN issued August 2020, due August 2040;
• $200 million subordinated EMTN issued August 2020, due August 2050;
• $270 million subordinated EMTN issued December 2020, due December 2040;
• $136 million subordinated EMTN issued September 2021, due September 2041; and
• $85 million subordinated EMTN issued September 2023, due September 2038.

3. USD denominated Tier 2 loan capital issuances

• USD1,250 million subordinated notes issued January 2018, due January 2048;
• USD1,250 million subordinated Medium Term Notes (MTN) issued September 2019, due September 2034;
• USD1,250 million subordinated MTN issued September 2019, due September 2039;
• USD1,500 million subordinated MTN issued March 2021, due March 2031;

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

$M

$M

$M

$M

33,793

34,075

33,791

34,073

Ordinary share capital
Shares on issue:
Opening balance
Share buy-back ¹ ²

(18)

(282)

(18)

(282)

Total shares on issue

33,775

33,793

33,773

33,791

Opening balance

(158)

(162)

(139)

(124)

Purchase of treasury shares ³

(136)

(80)

(103)

(66)

79

84

59

51

Less treasury shares:

Sale and vesting of treasury shares ³
Total treasury shares

• USD1,250 million subordinated MTN issued March 2022, due March 2032;

Closing balance

(215)

(158)

(183)

(139)

33,560

33,635

33,590

33,652

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

Shares

Shares

Shares

Shares

• USD1,250 million subordinated MTN issued March 2024, due March 2034; and
• USD1,250 million subordinated MTN issued March 2025, due March 2046.

Group

4. JPY denominated Tier 2 loan capital issuances
Number of shares on issue

• JPY30.5 billion subordinated EMTN issued May 2022, due May 2032; and

Opening balance (excluding treasury shares deduction)

• JPY20 billion subordinated EMTN issued October 2022, due October 2032.

Share buy-backs

5. EUR denominated Tier 2 loan capital issuances
• EUR1,000 million subordinated EMTN, issued October 2017, and redeemed in October 2024; and
• EUR1,000 million subordinated EMTN, issued June 2024, due June 2034.

6. Other currencies denominated Tier 2 loan capital issuances
• HKD400 million subordinated EMTN issued September 2022, due September 2032;
• HKD580 million subordinated EMTN issued April 2023, due April 2033; and
• CHF180 million subordinated EMTN issued April 2025, due April 2035.
PERLS XII, PERLS XIII, PERLS XIV, PERLS XV, and PERLS XVI, and all Tier 2 Capital securities are subject to Basel III, under which
these securities must be exchanged for a variable number of CBA ordinary shares or written down if a capital trigger event (PERLS XII,
PERLS XIII, PERLS XIV, PERLS XV and PERLS XVI only) or a non-viability trigger event (all securities) occurs. Any exchange will occur
as described in the terms of the applicable instrument documentation.

ACCOUNTING POLICIES

The carrying value of loan capital issuances, designated as hedged items in fair value hedges of interest rate and/or foreign exchange
risk are adjusted for the changes in their fair values due to these risks, with the related gains and losses recognised in the Income
Statement.

(118,000)

(2,588,964)

(118,000)

(2,588,964)

2022/2023 Final dividend fully paid ordinary shares $101.10 ⁴

–

–

–

–

2023/2024 Interim dividend fully paid ordinary shares $117.19 ⁴

–

–

–

–

2023/2024 Final dividend fully paid ordinary shares $141.50 ⁴

–

–

–

–

2024/2025 Interim dividend fully paid ordinary shares $149.89 ⁴

–

–

–

–

Share buy-back ¹ ²
Dividend reinvestment plan issues:

Closing balance (excluding treasury shares deduction)
Less: Treasury shares ³
Closing balance

1,673,462,358 1,673,580,358
(1,620,212)

(1,510,328)

1,671,842,146 1,672,070,030

1,673,462,358 1,673,580,358
(1,408,080)

(1,347,560)

1,672,054,278 1,672,232,798

1 On 9 August 2023, the Group announced its intention to conduct an on-market share buy-back of up to $1 billion of CBA ordinary shares, with 2,588,964 ordinary
shares bought back at an average price of $108.84 per share ($282 million) during the year ended 30 June 2024. The shares bought back were subsequently cancelled.
2 On 14 August 2024, the Group announced a 12-month extension of the on-market share buy-back of up to $1 billion of CBA ordinary shares originally announced on
9 August 2023. During the year ended 30 June 2025, 118,000 ordinary shares were bought back at an average price of $151.98 per share ($18 million). The shares
bought back were subsequently cancelled.
3 Movement in treasury shares for the Group includes 871,325 shares acquired at an average price of $155.75 for satisfying the Group’s obligations under various
equity settled share plans (30 June 2024: 758,059 shares acquired at an average price of $105.78). Movement in treasury shares for the Bank includes 660,460
shares acquired at an average price of $155.59 (30 June 2024: 642,100 shares acquired at an average price of $103.08). Other than shares purchased as part of the
Non-Executive Director fee sacrifice arrangements disclosed in Note 10.3, shares purchased were not on behalf of or initially allocated to a director.
4 The DRP in respect of the interim 2024/2025, final 2023/2024, interim 2023/2024 and final 2022/2023 dividends were satisfied in full through the on-market purchase
and transfer of 4,545,082 shares at $149.89, 5,335,505 shares at $141.50, 4,092,235 shares at $117.19 and 7,183,122 shares at $101.10, respectively, to
participating shareholders.

Ordinary shares have no par value and the Company does not have a limited amount of share capital.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Ordinary shares entitle holders to receive dividends payable to ordinary shareholders and to participate in the proceeds available to
ordinary shareholders on winding up of the Company in proportion to the number of fully paid ordinary shares held. On a show of hands
every holder of fully paid ordinary shares present at a meeting in person or by proxy is entitled to one vote, and upon a poll one vote for
each share held.

FINANCIAL REPORT

Loan capital consists of instruments issued by the Group, which qualify as regulatory capital under the Prudential Standards set by APRA.
Loan capital is initially measured at fair value less directly attributable transaction costs and subsequently measured at amortised cost
using the effective interest method. Interest expense incurred is recognised in net interest income.

1,673,580,358 1,676,169,322

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

All Tier 2 Capital securities qualify as Tier 2 Capital of the Bank under Basel III as implemented by APRA.

1,673,580,358 1,676,169,322

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

• JPY14 billion subordinated EMTN issued September 2021, due September 2031;

Bank

SUSTAINABILITY

• USD1,250 million subordinated MTN issued March 2021, due March 2041;

CREATING VALUE

• USD1,250 million subordinated notes issued December 2015 (USD597 million outstanding following the buy-back in March 2021), due
December 2025;

Bank

30 Jun 25

OVERVIEW

• $135 million subordinated EMTN issued August 2021, due August 2041;

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

298
298

299
299

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

8.3

8.3

Shareholders’ equity (continued)
Group

Retained profits

$M

$M

$M

$M

Opening balance

41,600

40,010

33,886

33,075

91

(168)

91

(166)

Net profit attributable to equity holders of the Bank

10,116

9,394

10,692

8,613

Total available for appropriation

51,807

49,236

44,669

41,522

7

1

7

1

109

5

122

5

–

(19)

–

(19)

(3,083)

(3,119)

(3,083)

(3,119)

(682)

(481)

(682)

(481)

(3,426)

(3,296)

(3,426)

(3,296)

(758)

(727)

(758)

(727)

43,974

41,600

36,849

33,886

Transfers from asset revaluation reserve
Transfers from investment securities revaluation reserve
Transfers from employee compensation reserve
Interim dividend – cash component
Interim dividend – dividend reinvestment plan ¹
Final dividend – cash component
Final dividend – dividend reinvestment plan ¹
Closing balance

1 The DRP in respect of the interim 2024/2025, final 2023/2024, interim 2023/2024 and final 2022/2023 dividends were satisfied in full through the on-market purchase
and transfer of 4,545,082 shares at $149.89, 5,335,505 shares at $141.50, 4,092,235 shares at $117.19 and 7,183,122 shares at $101.10, respectively, to participating
shareholders.

Group

Bank

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

$M

$M

$M

$M

Opening balance

292

278

278

265

Revaluation of properties

24

20

24

20

Transfer to retained profits

(7)

(1)

(7)

(1)

Income tax effect

(4)

(5)

(4)

(6)

Closing balance

305

292

291

278

Reserves
Asset revaluation reserve

Foreign currency translation reserve
Opening balance

123

158

199

199

Currency translation adjustments of foreign operations

207

(55)

–

(1)

23

20

(4)

1

Closing balance

353

123

195

199

(1,510)

(1,820)

(1,222)

(1,955)

3,525

905

3,285

1,480

Interest income

1,659

3,206

1,407

2,657

Interest expense

(824)

(2,528)

(803)

(1,955)

Other operating income

(551)

(1,131)

(252)

(1,134)

Cash flow hedge reserve
Opening balance
Gains/(losses) on cash flow hedging instruments:
Recognised in other comprehensive income
Transferred to Income Statement:

Income tax effect

(1,137)

(142)

(1,091)

(315)

Closing balance

1,162

(1,510)

1,324

(1,222)

Employee compensation reserve
117

99

117

99

Current period movement

41

(1)

41

(1)

Transfer to retained profits

–

19

–

19

158

117

158

117

Closing balance
Investment securities revaluation reserve

(1,010)

(1,129)

(971)

(109)

(5)

(122)

(5)

Net gains/(losses) on revaluation of investment securities

523

(318)

585

(315)

Net losses/(gains) on debt investment securities transferred to Income
Statement on disposal

148

(15)

148

(15)

Income tax effect

(129)

179

(152)

177

Closing balance

(736)

(1,169)

(670)

(1,129)

Total reserves

1,242

(2,147)

1,298

(1,757)

Total shareholders' equity

78,776

73,088

71,737

65,781

FINANCIAL REPORT

(1,169)

Transfer to retained profits on sale of equity securities

Opening balance

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Opening balance

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Currency translation of net investment hedge

SUSTAINABILITY

30 Jun 24

CREATING VALUE

30 Jun 25

OVERVIEW

30 Jun 24

Actuarial gains/(losses) from defined benefit superannuation plans

Shareholders’ equity (continued)

Bank

30 Jun 25

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

300
300

301
301

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

8.3

8.4

Shareholders’ equity (continued)

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

Dividends

ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Group

Shareholders’ equity includes ordinary share capital, retained profits and reserves. Policies for each component are set out below.

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

3,083

3,119

2,950

3,083

3,119

Retained profits includes the accumulated profits for the Group including certain amounts recognised directly in retained profits less
dividends paid.

682

481

596

682

481

Reserves

Total dividend paid

3,765

3,600

3,546

3,765

3,600

Asset revaluation reserve

Other provision carried

176

183

191

176

183

4,351

4,184

4,023

4,351

4,184

183

191

118

183

191

Note

Ordinary shares
Interim ordinary dividend (fully franked)
(2025: 225 cents; 2024: 215 cents; 2023: 210 cents)
Interim ordinary dividend paid – cash component
Interim ordinary dividend paid – dividend reinvestment
plan ¹

The asset revaluation reserve is used to record revaluation adjustments on the Group’s property assets. Where an asset is sold or
disposed of, any balance in the reserve in relation to the asset is transferred directly to retained profits.

Dividend proposed and not recognised as a liability (fully
franked) (2025: 260 cents; 2024: 250 cents; 2023: 240
cents) ²

Foreign currency translation reserve

Provision for dividends

Exchange differences arising on translation of the Group’s foreign operations and any offsetting gains or losses on hedging the net
investment are accumulated in foreign currency translation reserve. Specifically assets and liabilities are translated at the prevailing
exchange rate at balance sheet date; revenue and expenses are translated at the transaction date; and all resulting exchange differences
are recognised in the foreign currency translation reserve.

Opening balance

When a foreign operation is disposed of, exchange differences are reclassified to the Income Statement.

Closing balance

Cash flow hedge reserve

Employee compensation reserve
Employee compensation reserve is used to recognise the fair value of shares and other equity instruments issued to employees under
the employee share plans and bonus schemes.

Investment securities revaluation reserve
Investment securities revaluation reserve includes changes in the fair value of investment securities measured at fair value through other
comprehensive income. For debt securities, these changes are reclassified to the Income Statement when the asset is derecognised. For
equity securities, these changes are not reclassified to the Income Statement when derecognised.

7,949

7,623

7,117

7,949

7,623

Provision used during the year

(7,956)

(7,631)

(7,044)

(7,956)

(7,631)

176

183

191

176

183

7.1

1 The DRP in respect of the interim 2024/2025, interim 2023/2024 and interim 2022/2023 dividends were satisfied in full through the on-market purchase and transfer of
4,545,082 shares at $149.89, 4,092,235 shares at $117.19, and 6,115,897 shares at $97.37, respectively, to participating shareholders.
2 The final 2024/2025 dividend will be satisfied by cash disbursements with the DRP anticipated to be satisfied by the on-market purchase of shares. The final 2023/2024
and final 2022/2023 dividends were satisfied by cash disbursements with the DRP satisfied in full through the on-market purchase and transfer of 5,335,505 shares at
$141.50 and 7,183,122 shares at $101.10 respectively.

Final dividend
The Directors have determined a fully franked (30%) final dividend of 260 cents per share amounting to $4,351 million. The dividend will
be payable on or around 29 September 2025 to shareholders on the register at 5pm AEST on 21 August 2025. The ex-dividend date is
20 August 2025.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

The cash flow hedge reserve is used to record fair value gains or losses associated with the effective portion of designated cash flow
hedging instruments. Amounts are reclassified to the Income Statement when the hedged items impact profit or loss.

Provision made during the year

SUSTAINABILITY

30 Jun 23

CREATING VALUE

30 Jun 24

OVERVIEW

Retained profits

Bank

30 Jun 25

Ordinary share capital
Ordinary shares are recognised at the amount paid up per ordinary share, net of directly attributable issue costs. Where the Bank or
entities within the Group purchase shares in the Bank, the consideration paid is deducted from total shareholders’ equity and the shares
are treated as treasury shares until they are subsequently sold, reissued or cancelled. Where such shares are sold or reissued, any
consideration received is included in shareholders’ equity.

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

Dividend policy

• targeting a full-year payout ratio of 70-80%; and
• maximising the use of its franking account by paying fully franked dividends.

Australian franking credits
The franking credits available to the Group as at 30 June 2025, after allowing for Australian tax payable in respect of the current and prior
reporting period’s profit, are estimated to be $2,008 million (30 June 2024: $1,861 million).
The New Zealand imputation credits available to CBA as at 30 June 2025 are estimated to be NZ$1,121 million (30 June 2024:
NZ$894 million). This is calculated on the same basis as the Australian franking credits but using the New Zealand current tax liability.

FINANCIAL REPORT

New Zealand imputation credits

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

In determining the dividend, the Board considers a range of factors in accordance with the Bank’s dividend policy including:
• paying cash dividends at sustainable levels;

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

302
302

303
303

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

8.4

Dividends (continued)

9

Dividend history

Cents per
share Payment date

Full year
payout ratio ¹
%

DRP price
$

DRP
participation
rate ²
%

30/03/2023

68.6

–

97.37

16.8

240

28/09/2023

83.4

75.7

101.10

18.1

31 December 2023

215

28/03/2024

75.7

–

117.19

13.4

30 June 2024

250

27/09/2024

90.3

82.9

141.50

18.1

31 December 2024

225

28/03/2025

73.3

–

149.89

18.1

30 June 2025 ³

260

29/09/2025

87.3

80.2

–

–

1 Dividend payout ratio: dividends divided by statutory earnings (earnings are net of dividends on other equity instruments).
2 DRP participation rate: the percentage of total issued share capital participating in the DRP.
3 The dividend will be payable to shareholders on or around 29 September 2025.

The Group is exposed to financial, non-financial and strategic risks through the products and services it offers. The Group manages these
risks through its Risk Management Framework (RMF). The components of the RMF are illustrated below, including the governance that
enables executive and Board oversight of these risks.

CBA Group Board
Group Strategy
Risk & Compliance Committee

Executive Leadership Team (ELT)

Financial Risk Committee (FRC)

Non-Financial
Risk Committee (NFRC)

Risk &
Remuneration
Review Committee
(RRRC)

BU/SU FRCs

BU/SU NFRCs

BU/SU RRRCs

E&S Committee

Strategic Risk

• Artificial Intelligence Risk
• Capital Adequacy Risk
• Environmental and Social Risk

Market Risk

Credit Risk

Inability to
meet financial
obligations as
they fall due.

Losses from
unexpected
changes in
market rates
and prices.

Losses from
failure of
counter-parties
to pay their
debts to CBA.

Material Level 1
Risk Types:

Material Level 1
Risk Types:

Material Level 1
Risk Types:

• Liquidity Risk

• Non-Traded
• Non-Retail
Market Risk
Credit Risk
• Traded Market Risk • Retail Credit Risk

Compliance Risk

Operational Risk

Fines or
Sanctions from
non-compliance
with laws and
regulations.

Losses from
inadequate or
failed internal
processes,
systems or people.

Material Level 1
Risk Types:

Material Level 1 Risk Types:

• Conduct Risk
• Financial Crime
Compliance Risk
• Privacy Risk
• Regulatory &
Licencing Risk

Emerging Risks
May impact strategy and includes impacts across one or more strategic, financial or non-financial risk types.
Macroeconomic

Competition

Technology,
Resilience and
Workforce

Political

Customer
Expectations

Environmental

Risk Culture & Group Remuneration Policy

Further details on each of the material risks, and how the Group manages them, are outlined in this note.

Societal

FINANCIAL REPORT

Independent advice & assurance (including internal and external audit)

Regulatory

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Non-Financial Risks

Risk Accountabilities & Skills

Financial Risks

• Accounting and Taxation Risk
• Business Disruption Risk
• Cybersecurity Risk
• Data Management Risk
• Fraud and Scams Risk
• Legal Risk
• Model Risk
• People Risk
• Technology Risk
• Third Parties Risk
• Transaction Processing Risk

Risk Infrastructure & Data

Material Level 1 Risk Types:

Liquidity Risk

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Value destruction or less than
planned value creation due to
changes in the external and
internal operating environment.

People & Remuneration Committee

SUSTAINABILITY

BU/SU Leadership
Teams

Nominations Committee

Audit Committee

Asset and Liability
Committee
(ALCO)

Group Risk Appetite Statement

Risk Policies & Procedures

ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Dividends represent a distribution of profits that holders of ordinary shares receive from time to time. Dividends determined by the Board
of the Bank are recognised with a corresponding reduction of retained earnings on the dividend payment date. The Board takes into
consideration factors including the Group’s relative capital strength and the Group’s existing dividend payout ratio guidelines in determining
the amount of dividends to be paid.

Group Risk Management Approach

CREATING VALUE

210

30 June 2023

OVERVIEW

Risk Governance & Reporting

31 December 2022

Risk management

OVERVIEW

Half year ended

Half year
payout ratio ¹
%

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

304
304

305
305

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

9.1

9.1

Risk management framework

The RMF comprises the systems, structures, policies, processes and people that identify, measure, evaluate, monitor, report and control
or mitigate both internal and external sources of material risk. It incorporates three key documents:
• The Group’s Business Plan (consisting of Group Strategy’s Financial Plan) sets out the approach to implementing the Group’s strategic
objectives and assesses the material risks associated with the implementation of the Group’s strategic objectives;

• The Group Risk Management Approach (RMA) that sets out the Group’s approach to managing risk and the key elements, including
the RMF, the RAS and the Three Lines of Accountability (3LoA) model, that give effect to this approach.
The RMF is underpinned by four Risk Framework Enablers that allow us to effectively identify, measure, monitor and respond to our risks.
The Board has ultimate responsibility for the Group’s risk governance. The Risk and Compliance Committee oversees the RMF and helps
formulate the Group’s risk appetite for consideration by the Board. The Committee is also responsible for:
• The governance of risks impacting the Group;
• Monitoring the risk appetite and assessing the overall risk profile of the Group within the Material Risk Types;
• Monitoring the effectiveness of the compliance management framework impacting the Material Risk Types; and

Our risk culture reflects the beliefs and behaviours within the Bank and determines how risks are identified, measured, monitored and
responded to. These behaviours, which guide decision making and good risk management, are embodied in our values and leadership
principles, ensuring that our actions align with our core beliefs. The Group’s risk culture framework aims to sustain and improve our risk
culture through an annual Board risk culture assessment, where the Board and senior management form a view of the Bank’s risk culture.
This is supported by the Group risk culture response plan, which addresses organisational focus areas and is further reinforced by
business unit risk culture self-reflections that drive improvement at local levels.
In relation to conduct risk, the Group requires behaviours and business practices that are fair to customers, protect the fair and efficient
operation of the market and engender confidence in our products and services. Annually, the Board forms a view of the Group’s risk
culture and identifies desirable changes. Action plans are initiated and monitored to improve and sustain risk culture.

CREATING VALUE

Risk governance and reporting

Risk culture and conduct risk

OVERVIEW

• The Group Risk Appetite Statement (RAS) that establishes the type and degree of risk the Board is prepared to accept and the
maximum level of risk that the Group must operate within whilst executing the Group Strategy; and

Risk management framework (continued)

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

• Risk culture and behaviours.

Regular management information is produced which allows financial, strategic and non-financial risk positions to be monitored against
approved Risk Appetite and policy limits. At Board level, the majority of risk reporting is provided to the Board Risk and Compliance
Committee, although select matters are reported directly to the Board as required. Controls reporting is provided to the Board Audit
Committee. The Chairs of the Board Risk and Compliance and Audit Committees report to the Board following each Committee meeting.

SUSTAINABILITY

At management level, risk governance is undertaken by a structured hierarchy of personal delegations, management committees and
forums across the Group and within the Business Units (BUs) and Support Units (SUs).

Risk policies and procedures

Risk infrastructure and data
The Risk Framework is supported by systems and processes that together provide the infrastructure for the management of the Group’s
Material Risk Types:
• Risk processes to identify, assess, escalate, monitor and manage risks, issues and incidents;
• Management information systems to measure and aggregate risks across the Group; and

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Risk policies, standards and procedures outline the principles and practices to be used in identifying and assessing material risk types
and translate appetite into our daily business activities.

• Data, risk models and tools, including significant calculators.
The Three Lines of Accountability (3LoA) model organises our risk accountabilities through separation of roles for managing the Group’s
risks, developing risk frameworks and defining the boundaries within which risk is managed, and providing independent assurance over
how effectively risks are being managed.
The Risk Stewards (senior leaders in Line 1 or Line 2) complement the 3LoA model, by providing a view on the aggregated risk profile
and adequacy of the risk framework for each Material Risk Type including design of policies, mitigation strategies and the capabilities
needed to manage the material risk type.

• Communication of the RAS and RMA – Following approval by the Board, the updated RAS and RMA are made available to all
employees;
• Performance and remuneration frameworks designed to drive accountability for managing risks and adopting behaviours that assist
the Group to respond to new and emerging risks and to better support our customers and communities. Each year employees are
assessed on how they met the risk management expectations of their role as part of the annual performance review;

FINANCIAL REPORT

The effective management of our material risk types requires appropriate resourcing of skilled employees within each of the Group’s 3LoA.
It is important for all employees to have an awareness of their accountabilities, the RMF, and the role our Values play in helping us manage
risk. This awareness is developed through:

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Risk accountabilities and skills

• The RMA Group Mandatory Learning module provide foundational knowledge of the RMF and RMA for all Group employees;

• ‘Getting started with the Group’ and ongoing learning supports employees in gaining the knowledge, skills and behaviours required
to work effectively across the Group.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

• Risk Management Capability Framework provides the education, experience and exposure to build risk skills and judgement
effectively within the Group; and

306
306

307
307

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

9.1

9.1

Risk management framework (continued)

Risk management framework (continued)

Material risk types
Description

Governing Policies and
Committees

Description
Key controls and risk mitigation strategies

Governing Policies:

• Defined credit risk indicators set in the Group RAS;

The Group is primarily exposed to credit
risk through:

• Group Credit Risk
Framework
• Group Credit Policy

• Transacting with counterparties that demonstrate the ability
and willingness to service their obligations through
performance of due diligence and appropriate credit quality
assessments;

Retail Credit Risk
• Residential mortgage lending; and
• Unsecured retail lending.
Non-Retail Credit Risk
• Large corporate (institutional) lending
and markets exposures.

• Group and BU Credit
Risk Standards
Key Management
Committees:
• Financial Risk
Committee
• BU/SU Financial Risk
Committees
• Loan Loss Provisioning
Committee

• Applications assessed by credit decisioning models, with
more complex or higher risk applications referred to credit
authority holders who exercise expert judgement;
• Taking collateral where appropriate;
• Pricing appropriately for the risks we are taking;
• Credit concentration frameworks that set exposure limits to
counterparties, groups of related counterparties, industry
sectors and countries;
• Regular monitoring of credit quality, concentrations, arrears,
policy exceptions and policy breaches;
• Working with impaired counterparties, or those in danger of
becoming so, to help them rehabilitate their financial
positions;

• Stress testing, both at a counterparty and portfolio level.
Market risk

• Asset and Liability
Committee (ALCO)
(Oversight of NonTraded Market Risk,
including IRRBB)
• Market Risk Committee

• Activity is concentrated in client facing portfolios with nonclient facing management activity used to support broader
business objectives, governed by trading delegations;
• Conservative Market Risk limits with granular concentration
limits at a position level including currency/index, tenor and
product type;
• Pricing appropriately for risk and market depth;
• Back-testing of Value at Risk models against hypothetical
profit and loss;
• Daily monitoring and attribution of traded market risk
exposures including risk sensitivities, Value at Risk and
stress testing;
• Daily monitoring of Value at Risk and stress test measures
for derivative valuation adjustments (XVAs);
• Monthly monitoring of Residual Value Risk exposures versus
limits;
• Managing the Balance Sheet with a view to balancing Net
Interest Income (NII), profit volatility and Market Value;

• Appropriate transfer pricing for interest rate risk;
• Regular monitoring of Structural Foreign Exchange Risk
versus limits; and
• Regular monitoring of Group Super Defined Benefit Fund
net asset position.

Key Management
Committees:
• Asset and Liability
Committee
• Stress Testing Steering
Committee

• The Annual Funding Strategy (the Group’s wholesale
funding strategy based on a three year funding plan);
• Maintaining a diverse yet stable pool of potential funding
sources across different currencies, geographies, entities
and products;
• Maintaining sufficient liquidity buffers and short-term
funding capacity to withstand periods of disruption in
long-term wholesale funding markets and unanticipated
changes in the balance sheet funding gap;
• Limiting the portion of wholesale funding sourced from
offshore;
• Conservatively managing the mismatch between asset and
liability maturities;
• Maintaining a conservative mix of readily saleable or repoeligible liquid assets;
• Daily monitoring of liquidity risk exposures, including
Liquidity Coverage Ratios and Net Stable Funding Ratios;
• Severe market and idiosyncratic stress test scenarios; and
• The Contingent Funding Plan provides strategies for
addressing liquidity shortfalls in a crisis situation.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

• Regular monitoring of IRRBB market risk exposures against
limits including risk sensitivities, credit spread risk, Value at
Risk, Net Interest Earnings at Risk and stress testing;

• Group Liquidity Policy

• Defined liquidity Risk Appetite metrics, with reference to
severe yet plausible and moderate stress testing and
indicators in the Group RAS;

FINANCIAL REPORT

• Non-traded Equity Risk.

• Defined market risk indicators set in the Group RAS;

Governing Policies:

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Market risk is the potential of adverse
Governing Policies:
impact on profitability and/or net worth of
• Group Market Risk
the Group from changes in market rates or
Policy
prices.
• Group Traded Market
The Group is primarily exposed to market
Risk Standard
risk through:
Key Management
• Traded Market Risk;
Committees:
• Non-Traded Market Risk:
• Financial Risk
• Interest Rate Risk in the Banking Book Committee
(IRRBB);
• IB&M Financial Risk
• Lease Residual Value Risk;
Committee (Oversight of
• Structural Foreign Exchange Risk; and Traded Market Risk)

Liquidity risk is the combined risks of not
being able to meet financial obligations as
they fall due (funding liquidity risk), and
that liquidity in financial markets, such as
the market for debt securities, may reduce
significantly (market liquidity risk).

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

• Holding adequate provisions for defaulted and high-risk
counterparties and exposures; and

Liquidity risk

SUSTAINABILITY

• Commercial lending; and

• Group Loan Loss
Provisioning Framework

Key controls and risk mitigation strategies

CREATING VALUE

Credit risk is the potential for loss arising
from the failure of a counterparty to meet
their contractual obligations to the Group.

Governing Policies and
Committees

OVERVIEW

Credit risk

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

308
308

309
309

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

9.1

9.1

Risk management framework (continued)

Description

Governing Policies and
Committees

Key controls and risk mitigation strategies

• Business Disruption Risk;
• Cybersecurity Risk;
• Data Management Risk;

• Legal Risk;
• Model Risk;
• People Risk (employment practices and
workplace safety);
• Technology Risk (disruptions from
hardware or software failures);
• Transaction Processing Risk.

Compliance risk is the risk of legal or
regulatory sanctions, material financial
loss, or loss of reputation that the Group
may incur as a result of its failure to
comply with its obligations.

Governing Policies:

Regulatory and Licencing (R&L) Risk and Privacy Risk

The Group is exposed to Compliance
Risk primarily through:
• Laws, regulations, rules, licence
conditions, and statements of regulatory
policy;

• Group Compliance
Management
Framework (CMF) and
policies
• Joint AML/CTF Group
Program (Part A and
Part B)

• Privacy laws and regulations regarding
the collection, handling, protection and
destruction of the personal or credit
information of individuals;

• Anti-Tax Evasion
Facilitation Policy

• Compliance, including FCC, Privacy and Conduct Risk
Indicators in the Group RAS;
• Mandatory online Compliance and Privacy training for all
employees;
• Regulatory change management to establish compliant
business practices;
• Maintenance of Obligation Registers;
• R&L and Privacy Risk profiling through the Risk and Control
Self-Assessment Process;
• Group wide minimum standards in key areas;
• Co-operative and transparent relationships with regulators;
and
• Board and management governance and reporting.
Financial Crime Compliance
• Compliance, including Part A and Part B of the AML/CTF
Program;
• Pre-employment due diligence on the Group’s employees
and enhanced screening for high risk roles;
• Training and awareness sessions to staff on AML/CTF
obligations including sections highlighting the community
impact of financial crime and the Group’s role to Detect,
Deter and Disrupt money laundering, terrorist financing and
other serious crime;
• Customer on-boarding processes to meet AML/CTF
identification and screening requirements;
• Ongoing customer due diligence to maintain accurate
customer information;
• Risk assessments on our customers, products and
channels to understand money laundering and terrorism
financing risks;
• Enhanced customer due diligence on higher risk customers;
• Monitoring customer payments, trade and all transactions to
manage the AML/CTF and Sanctions risks identified;
• Undertake statutory reporting requirements including
International Funds Transfer Instructions, Threshold
Transaction Reports and Suspicious Matter Reports and
annual compliance reports;
• Controls to prevent corruption of public officials and private
sector individuals by employees, representatives, suppliers
or third-party agents, including disclosure and approval of
gifts and entertainment, charitable donations and
sponsorships; and
• Controls to prevent the facilitation of tax evasion by
employees, representatives and other third parties who are
Associated Persons of the Group, including risk
assessments (third party, product/channel and
enterprise-wide risk assessment); employee due diligence
and ongoing staff training and awareness.
Conduct Risk
• Code of Conduct, supported by mandatory training for all
staff;
• Ongoing Conduct Risk profiling, including use of the
Conduct Risk Steward Guides and controls taxonomy to
manage and address Conduct Risks;
• Measurement and governance of Conduct Risk exposures
through RAS metrics and NFRC, Board reporting;
• Assurance and monitoring to identify Conduct Risk
exposures, control weaknesses;
• Enhancement of Code of Conduct related policies with
changes in understanding of conduct obligations and
expectations; and
• Consistently applying the Code of Conduct and asking ‘Must
We?’, ‘Can We?’ and ‘Should We?’ to deliver the right
outcome for our customers.

• Group Data
Management Policy

• Group Fraud and Scams
Management Policy

• Routine Controls Assessment Program (CAP) tests to
assess whether controls are designed and operating
effectively to maintain risk exposures within acceptable
levels;

• Group Whistleblower
Policy

• Incident Management process to identify, assess, record,
report and manage actual operational or compliance events
that have occurred. This data is used to guide management
• Group Model Risk Policy
to strengthen processes and controls;
• Group Business
•
Issue
Management process to identify, assess, record,
Continuity Management
report and manage weaknesses or gaps in controls;
Policy
• Group Protective
Security Policy
• Group IT Service
Management Policy

• Change Management Risk process to effectively
understand and manage the risks from changes to the
business through projects or initiatives;

• Establishment of Key Risk Indicators to monitor movements
in risk exposures over time;

• Group Supplier Lifecycle
• Assurance undertaken by Line 2 Risk teams to assess that
Policy
operational risks are appropriately identified and managed
• Group Product
across the Group; and
Development and
•
Risk Steward Guidance provided on key controls and
Distribution Policy
routine Risk Steward monitoring of RAS and risk reporting.
• Group Conflicts
Management Policy
• Legal Services Policy

• Group Tax Policy
Key Management
Committees:
• Non-Financial Risk
Committee

• Executive Leadership
Team Financial Risk
Committee
• Model Risk Governance
Committee (MRGC)
• Supplier Governance
Council

• BU/SU Executive
Portfolio Group (EPG)

• Group Prevention of
Anti-Competitive
Practices Policy
• Group Consumer
Protection Policy
• Group Customer
Complaint Management
Policy
• Group Customer
Remediation Projects
Policy
• Group Personal Trading
Policy
• Group Conflicts
Management Policy
Key Management
Committees:
• Executive Financial
Crime Risk Committee
• Financial Crime Risk
Committee
• Group/BU/SU NFRCs
• Product Governance
forums

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

• Technology Controls
Council

• Product Development
and Distribution Policy

FINANCIAL REPORT

• BU/SU Non-Financial
Risk Committees

• Poor conduct (product design and
distribution, market conduct, anticompetitive practices; and financial
hardship and debt collection).

• Group Sanctions Policy
• Code of Conduct

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

• Group External
Financial Reporting
Policy

• Financial crime (regulation relating to
Anti-Money Laundering, and Counter
Terrorism Financing, Anti-Bribery and
Corruption, Anti-Tax Evasion Facilitation
and Sanctions); and

• Anti-Bribery and
Corruption Policy

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

• Third Parties Risk; and

Governing Policies:
• Defined operational risk indicators in the Group RAS;
• Operational Risk
• Implementation of manual and automated controls to
Management Framework
prevent, detect and mitigate the specific operational risks
(ORMF)
that the Group is exposed to;
• Group Information
• Regular Risk and Control Self- Assessment (RCSA) to
Security (IS) Policy
assess key risks and controls for a BU/SU;

SUSTAINABILITY

• Fraud and Scams Risk (external and
internal);

Key controls and risk mitigation strategies

CREATING VALUE

• Accounting and Taxation Risk;

Governing Policies and
Committees

Description

OVERVIEW

The Group is exposed to operational risk
primarily through:

Risk management framework (continued)

Compliance risk

Operational risk
Operational risk is the risk of losses from
inadequate or failed internal processes,
systems and people or from external
events.

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

310
310

311
311

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

9.1

9.2

Risk management framework (continued)

Description

Credit risk management principles and portfolio standards
Key controls and risk mitigation strategies

Governing Policies:

Strategic Risk Management Policy

• Group Strategic Risk
Management Policy

• Strategy development, approval and review;

• Group Capital Policy

• Planning and resource allocation;
• Development of the Group Business Plan;

• primarily support or drive strategic
decisions that could impact our
profitability or business model
assumptions;

• Group Remuneration
Policy

• Capital monitoring, reporting and forecasting;

• Group Diversity, Equity
and Inclusion Policy

• Group, portfolio and risk type stress testing; and

• are impacted by, or drive decisions
resulting in impacts across other risk types;
and

• Group Environmental
and Social Policy

These risks include:
• Capital Adequacy Risk: Inability to
capitalise on strategic opportunities or
withstand extreme events due to
insufficient or inefficient use of capital;

• Dividend decision and management processes;
• Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP);

• Group Artificial
Intelligence Policy
Key Management
Committees:
• Executive Leadership
Team
• ELT Environmental &
Social Committee
• Asset and Liability
Committee (ALCO)
• Non-Financial Risk
Committee
• ELT Risk and
Remuneration Review
Committee (RRRC)

Loan applications that do not meet scorecard auto-decisioning requirements may be referred to a Personal Credit Approval Authority
(PCAA) for manual decisioning.

Environmental and Social Risk

After loan origination, these portfolios are managed using behavioural scoring systems and a delinquency band approach. This includes
different actions taken when loan repayments are greater than 30 days past due compared to when they are greater than 60 days past
due. Loans past due are reviewed by the relevant arrears management or financial assistance team.

• Generative AI Council
• AI Risk Committee

• Development of new pilot products and services that
support reduced emissions;

• Environmental Social & Governance (ESG) lending tool
applied to certain lending decisions;
• Corporate Responsibility programs; and
• Supplier Code of Conduct for adherence to CBA’s E&S
standards.
Artificial Intelligence Risk
• Defined AI Risk Indicators in the Group RAS;
• Intersecting risk frameworks and policy suits for the
management of AI related risks and compliance with AI
principles;

(ii) Risk-rated segment
This segment comprises non-retail exposures, including financial institution and sovereign exposures. Each exposure is assigned an
internal Credit Risk-Rating (CRR) based on Probability of Default (PD) and Loss Given Default (LGD).
Either a PD Rating Model, approved PD Rating Method or expert judgement is used to determine the PD rating for customers in this
segment. Expert judgement is used where the complexity of the transaction and/or the borrower is such that it is inappropriate to rely
completely on a statistical model. External ratings may be used for benchmarking in the assessment.
The CRR is designed to:
• aid in assessing changes to borrower credit quality;
• influence decisions on approval, management and pricing of individual credit facilities; and
• provide the basis for reporting details of the Group's credit portfolio.
Credit risk-rated exposures are generally reviewed on an individual basis, at least annually, and fall within the following categories:
• “Pass” – these credit facilities qualify for approval of new or increased exposure on normal commercial terms; and
• “Troublesome or Non-Performing Exposures (TNPEs)” – these credit facilities are not eligible for new or increased exposure, unless it
facilitates rehabilitation of the borrower to a “pass grade” or protects or improves the Group’s position by maximising recovery prospects.
Where a borrower is in default, facilities are classified as non-performing. Restructured facilities, where the original contractual
arrangements terms have been modified to non-commercial terms due to the customer’s financial difficulties, are also classified as nonperforming.
Default is considered to have occurred with regards to a borrower or counterparty when either:
• They are 90 days or more past due on a credit obligation to the Group; or

• Strategic partnership for AI; and

• The Group considers the borrower or counterparty is unlikely to pay their credit obligations to the Group in full, without recourse by the
Group to actions such as realising on available security.

• Protocols, Playbooks and Toolkits for AI.

Credit risk measurement

• AI talent, capability and skills development;

The measurement of credit risk uses analytical PD rating models to calculate both: (i) Expected, and (ii) Unexpected Loss probabilities for
the credit portfolio. The use of credit risk models is governed by the Group Model Risk Management Framework and Model Risk
Governance Committee.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

• Stress Testing Steering
Committee

Auto-decisioning is used to approve credit applications for eligible borrowers in this segment. Auto-decisioning uses a scorecard approach
based on a combination of factors, which may include the Group’s historical experience on similar applications, information from a credit
reference bureau, the Group’s existing knowledge of a borrower’s behaviour and updated information provided by the borrower.

• Ratings agency interactions.

• Defined E&S Risk Indicators in the Group RAS;
• Group Public Disclosure • Target financed emissions Glidepaths for priority sectors;
of Prudential Information
• Scenario analyses and stress testing to understand the
Policy
physical and transition risks of climate change;
• Group External
• E&S Risk embedded in the Group and BUs/SUs business
Communication and
profiles;
Engagement Policy
•
Client and supplier E&S due diligence process;
• Group Publicly Issued
Documents and
Marketing Materials
Policy

This segment has sub-segments covering housing loans, credit cards, low-cost credit contracts, personal loans, and personal overdrafts.
It also covers most non-retail lending where the aggregated credit exposure to a group of related borrowers is less than $1.5 million.

FINANCIAL REPORT

• Artificial Intelligence Risk: The risk of
failing to execute on strategy or loss of
competitive advantage due to failure to
deliver AI systems responsibly and/or in
a timely manner.

• Capital advice for projects and funding deals;

(i) Retail managed segment

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

• Environmental and Social (E&S) Risk:
The risk of adverse impacts on the
environment and society from the
Group’s activities; or adverse impacts to
the Group’s franchise value, business
model and profitability from not
appropriately responding to existing and
changing environmental and social
issues; and

Capital Adequacy Risk

The credit risk portfolio has two major segments:

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

• are managed more routinely through their
own dedicated governance, policies and
procedures, infrastructure and teams.

• Group Continuous
Disclosure Policy

• Monitoring execution progress of strategies.

Operationally independent credit assurance and hindsight activities are carried out across the Group’s credit portfolio within Business
Units, Risk Management and Group Audit. Credit Risk Assurance, as a part of Group Operational Risk, review credit portfolios and
business unit compliance with credit policies and standards, frameworks, application of credit risk ratings and other key practices on a
regular basis. An independent function within Retail Banking Services Risk Management undertakes assurance activities across Retail
portfolios. Group Audit undertakes regular reviews of Retail and Non-Retail credit risk portfolios, policies and frameworks.

SUSTAINABILITY

• Monitoring changes and identifying potential changes to the
operating environment; and

The Group’s credit risk framework policies and standards include concentration limits, which are designed to achieve portfolio outcomes
that are consistent with the Group’s risk appetite and risk and return expectations.

CREATING VALUE

• Capital Management of
Most often, the operating environment
Subsidiaries and
changes or events that are material
Branches Policy
enough to affect our strategy, arise from,
or can have an impact across, one or more • Group Stress Testing
of the other financial, non-financial or
Policy
specific strategic sub-risk types below.
• Risk-adjusted
Performance
This Strategic Risk type also includes a
Measurement Policy
number of sub-risk types that:

The Group has a Credit Risk Management Framework with clearly defined credit policies and standards for the approval and management
of credit risk and specific industry credit standards applying to all major lending areas. These set the minimum requirements for assessing
the integrity and ability of borrowers to meet their contractual obligations for repayment, acceptable forms of collateral and security and
the frequency of credit reviews.

OVERVIEW

Governing Policies and
Committees

Strategic risk
Strategic risk is the risk of material
stakeholder value destruction or less than
planned value creation due to changes in
external and internal operating
environments.

Credit risk

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

312
312

313
313

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

9.2

9.2

Credit risk (continued)

Credit risk (continued)

Receivables from financial institutions

Expected loss (EL) is the product of:
• PD;

Collateral is usually not sought on these balances as exposures are generally considered to be of low risk. The exposures are mainly
short-term, to investment grade banks and include derivatives related collateral posted by the Group.

• Exposure at Default (EAD); and

Trading assets at fair value through income statement and investment securities at fair value through OCI

• LGD.

These assets are carried at fair value, which accounts for the credit risk. Investment securities are measured at amortised cost and
presented net of provisions for impairment. Collateral is not generally sought from the issuer or borrower but collateral may be implicit in
the terms of the instrument (such as an asset-backed security).

PD, expressed as a percentage, is the estimate of the proportion of the population of customers assigned that PD grade that will default
within the next 12 months.

Other assets at fair value through income statement

For committed non-retail facilities, the Group applies supervisory credit conversion factors to the undrawn amounts, ranging from 0% to
100%.

The Group’s use of derivative contracts is outlined in Note 5.4. The Group is exposed to counterparty credit risk on derivative contracts.
The counterparty credit risk is affected by the nature of the trades, the counterparty, netting, and collateral arrangements. Counterparty
credit risk is mitigated where possible (typically for financial institution counterparties, but less frequently for corporate or government
counterparties) through netting agreements, to the extent that if an event of default occurs, all amounts with the same counterparty are
terminated and settled on a net basis. The International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA) Master Agreement (or other derivative
agreements) are used by the Group as an agreement for documenting Over-the-Counter (OTC) derivatives.

For uncommitted facilities, the EAD will generally be the drawn balance only. For defaulted facilities, it is the actual amount outstanding
at default.

These assets are carried at fair value, which accounts for the credit risk.

Derivative assets

The fair value of collateral held and the potential effect of offset obtained by applying master netting agreements are disclosed in Note 9.7.

LGD, expressed as a percentage of EAD, is the estimate of a facility likely to be lost in the event of default. LGD is impacted by:

Due from controlled entities

• the level of security cover and the type of collateral held;
• liquidity of and volatility in the value of collateral;
• carrying costs (effectively the costs of providing a facility that is not generating an interest return); and
• realisation costs.

(ii) Unexpected loss
In addition to EL, a more stressed loss amount is calculated. This Unexpected Loss estimate directly affects the calculation of regulatory
capital requirements. Refer to Note 8.1 for information relating to regulatory capital.

Climate related risk

As a result, the Group has concluded that no adjustments for climate risk are required to provisions for impairment as at 30 June 2025.
Climate change and the measurement thereof is evolving and will develop over time, and this perspective may change in the future. The
Group continues to conduct climate scenario analysis and assess the impact this may have on its business.

Credit risk mitigation, collateral and other credit enhancements
The Group has policies, standards and procedures in place setting out the acceptable collateral for mitigating credit risks. These include
valuation parameters, review frequency and independence of valuation.

Cash and liquid assets
Collateral is not usually sought on the majority of cash and liquid asset balances as these types of exposures are generally considered
low risk. However, securities purchased under agreement to resell are primarily collateralised by highly liquid debt securities. The collateral
related to agreements to resell has been legally transferred to the Group subject to an agreement to return them for a fixed price.
The Group’s cash and liquid asset balance included $48,712 million (30 June 2024: $44,580 million) deposited with central banks and is
considered to carry less credit risk.

The principal collateral types for loans and receivable balances are:
• mortgages over residential and commercial real estate; and
• charges over business assets such as cash, shares, inventory, fixed assets and accounts receivable.
Collateral security is generally taken except for government, financial institution and corporate borrowers that are often externally rated
and of strong financial standing. Longer term consumer finance, such as housing loans, are generally secured against real estate, while
short-term revolving consumer credit is generally not secured by formal collateral.
The collateral mitigating credit risk of the key lending portfolios is addressed in the table ‘Collateral held against loans and other
receivables’ within this note.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

The general nature of collateral that may be taken, and the balances held, are summarised below by financial asset classes.

Loans and other receivables

FINANCIAL REPORT

Climate risk drivers have the potential to significantly reduce customers’ capacity to repay a loan as well as reduce house or other asset
prices, ultimately impacting customers’ probability of default (PD) and loss given default (LGD). These risk drivers include an increase in
frequency and/or severity of severe weather events (acute physical risks), longer-term shifts in climate patterns (chronic physical risks)
that may lead to sea level rise, changes in the availability/affordability of general insurance, and changes in unemployment in regions or
industries that are economically dependent on industries impacted by the transition to a low carbon economy. While these risk drivers are
important to measure, monitor and mitigate where possible, the impacts from historic climate events are implicitly reflected in the Group’s
PD and LGD estimates, and a scenario with severe deterioration in house or asset prices and increase in unemployment is already
considered within the Group’s expected credit loss framework. Additionally, the Group notes that under current credible climate scenarios,
the most severe economic impacts are expected to mostly occur beyond the average behavioural life of the Group’s credit exposures.

The Group applies fundamentally the same credit risk management policies and standards for off balance sheet exposure as it does for
its on balance sheet exposures. Collateral may be sought depending on the strength of the borrower and the nature of the transaction. Of
the Group’s off balance sheet exposures $132,670 million (30 June 2024: $116,394 million) are secured.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

The Group uses climate scenario analysis to understand its potential exposure to risks arising from climate change. Climate scenario
analysis can be used to estimate the expected credit loss outcomes for our material lending portfolios. Significant model uncertainty exists
within these scenarios which requires an understanding of the limitations of the data and methodologies applied in order to interpret the
climate scenario analysis outcomes.

Credit commitments and contingent liabilities

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Various factors are considered when calculating PD, EAD and LGD. Considerations include the potential for default by a borrower due to
economic, management, industry, other risks, and the mitigating benefits of any collateral held as security.

Collateral is generally not taken on these intergroup balances.

SUSTAINABILITY

For retail exposures, a modelling approach can be used based on factors including limit usage, arrears and loan type to segment accounts
into homogeneous pools to calculate EAD.

CREATING VALUE

EAD is the estimate of the amount of a facility that will be outstanding in the event of default. Estimates are based on a downturn in
economic conditions. For committed facilities, the estimate is based on the actual amount outstanding, plus the undrawn amount multiplied
by a credit conversion factor (CCF). The CCF represents the potential rate of conversion from undrawn 12 months prior to default to drawn
at default.

OVERVIEW

(i) Expected loss

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

314
314

315
315

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

9.2

9.2

Credit risk (continued)

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

Credit risk (continued)

Maximum exposure to credit risk by industry/sector and asset class before collateral held or other
credit enhancements

Group ¹
30 Jun 24

Sovereign

Agriculture

Construction

$M

$M

$M

$M

Other
comm and
indust.
Consumer
$M

$M

Other

Total

$M

$M

Credit risk exposures relating
to on balance sheet assets:
25,650
–

–
–

33,536
3,226

–
–

–
–

–
–

–
–

59,186
3,226

16,333
–
1,723

–
79
93

1,706
20,722
10,144

–
–
15

–
–
–

13,793
8,318
–

–
–
–

31,832
29,119
11,975

Total on balance sheet Australia

–

–

633

–

–

–

–

633

73,841

–

6,927

–

–

–

–

80,768

2,100
946

20,745
70

23,656
5,957

7,230
3

649,530
2,141

183,875
417

–
–

887,136
9,534

120,593

20,987

106,507

7,248

651,671

206,403

–

1,113,409

Financial guarantees and other
Performance related contingencies
Commitments to provide credit
Total Australia

33
170
2,663

4
72
2,577

959
1,580
20,653

81
3,491
2,540

–
–
102,227

3,433
10,143
47,257

–
–
–

4,510
15,456
177,917

123,459

23,640

129,699

13,360

753,898

267,236

–

1,311,292

Overseas
Credit risk exposures relating
to on balance sheet assets:
23,062
–

–
–

1,571
4,378

–
–

–
–

–
–

–
–

24,633
4,378

6,496
1,247
286

–
–
8

–
27,551
11,656

–
–
–

–
–
–

125
–
794

–
–
–

6,621
28,798
12,744

21,097

–

2,732

–

–

–

–

23,829

183
69

10,243
–

9,155
1,026

910
–

75,419
129

32,837
49

–
–

128,747
1,273

Total on balance sheet overseas

52,440

10,251

58,069

910

75,548

33,805

–

231,023

Financial guarantees and other
Performance related contingencies
Commitments to provide credit

5
–
434

3
–
1,107

Total overseas

52,879

11,361

68,223

1,149

Total gross credit risk

176,338

35,001

197,922

14,509

Other ²

46
–
193

–
–
9,464

2,293
537
29,361

960
537
9,288

–
–
–

85,012

44,590

–

263,214

838,910

311,826

–

1,574,506

–

–

–

–

–

–

17,494

17,494

176,338

35,001

197,922

14,509

838,910

311,826

17,494

1,592,000

1 Loans and other receivables are presented gross of provisions for impairment and unearned income in line with Note 3.1.
2 For the purpose of reconciling to the Balance Sheet, “other” predominantly comprises assets which do not give rise to credit exposure, including property, plant and
equipment, investment in associates and joint ventures, equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, intangible assets, deferred tax assets
and other assets.

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

18,977
–

–
–

36,598
3,316

–
–

–
–

–
–

–
–

55,575
3,316

16,129
–
2,052

–
72
79

2,452
22,951
3,735

–
–
19

–
–
–

3,481
6,697
222

–
49
–

22,062
29,769
6,107

–

–

1,239

–

–

–

–

1,239

Australia
Credit risk exposures relating
to on balance sheet assets:
Cash and liquid assets
Receivables from financial institutions
Assets at fair value through income statement:
Trading
Other
Derivative assets
Investment securities:
At amortised cost
At fair value through other comprehensive
income

67,931

–

5,081

–

–

–

–

73,012

Assets held for sale
Loans and other receivables ²
Other assets

–
11,767
729

–
18,446
67

–
20,169
6,770

–
6,581
3

–
609,916
398

836
165,455
1,169

34
–
–

870
832,334
9,136

Total on balance sheet Australia

117,585

18,664

102,311

6,603

610,314

177,860

83

1,033,420

35
202
964

5
69
2,773

1,388
1,123
8,653

214
3,102
2,075

450
–
97,705

2,810
8,549
42,517

–
–
–

4,902
13,045
154,687

118,786

21,511

113,475

11,994

708,469

231,736

83

1,206,054

25,603
–

–
–

1,902
2,546

–
–

–
–

–
–

–
–

27,505
2,546

2,652
1,285
297

–
–
2

57
21,835
7,362

–
–
–

–
–
–

1,373
–
4,290

–
–
–

4,082
23,120
11,951

18,886

–

2,435

–

–

3

–

21,324

176
31

10,138
402

7,531
620

798
–

70,730
–

28,241
43

–
–

117,614
1,096

48,930

10,542

44,288

798

70,730

33,950

–

209,238

5
–
838

2
–
814

457
12
8,851

61
–
210

20
–
8,780

1,533
593
8,430

–
–
–

2,078
605
27,923

Total overseas

49,773

11,358

53,608

1,069

79,530

44,506

–

239,844

Total gross credit risk

168,559

32,869

167,083

13,063

787,999

276,242

83

1,445,898

Credit risk exposures relating
to off balance sheet assets:
Financial guarantees and other
Performance related contingencies
Commitments to provide credit
Total Australia
Overseas
Credit risk exposures relating
to on balance sheet assets:
Cash and liquid assets
Receivables from financial institutions
Assets at fair value through income statement:
Trading
Other
Derivative assets
Investment securities:
At fair value through other comprehensive
income
Loans and other receivables ²
Other assets
Total on balance sheet overseas
Credit risk exposures relating
to off balance sheet assets:
Financial guarantees and other
Performance related contingencies
Commitments to provide credit

Other ³
Total assets

–

–

–

–

–

–

19,156

19,156

168,559

32,869

167,083

13,063

787,999

276,242

19,239

1,465,054

1 Comparative information has been restated to conform to the presentation in the current year.
2 Loans and other receivables are presented gross of provisions for impairment and unearned income in line with Note 3.1.
3 For the purpose of reconciling to the balance sheet, “other” predominantly comprises assets which do not give rise to credit exposure, including property, plant and
equipment, investment in associates and joint ventures, equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, intangible assets, deferred tax assets
and other assets.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Total assets

1,279
–
8,875

$M

FINANCIAL REPORT

Credit risk exposures relating
to off balance sheet assets:

Total

$M

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Cash and liquid assets
Receivables from financial institutions
Assets at fair value through income statement:
Trading
Other
Derivative assets
Investment securities:
At fair value through other comprehensive
income
Loans and other receivables ¹
Other assets

Other

$M

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Credit risk exposures relating
to off balance sheet assets:

Other
Concomm and
struction Consumer
indust.

SUSTAINABILITY

Cash and liquid assets
Receivables from financial institutions
Assets at fair value through income statement:
Trading
Other
Derivative assets
Investment securities:
At amortised cost
At fair value through other comprehensive
income
Loans and other receivables ¹
Other assets

Bank and
other
financial

CREATING VALUE

Australia

Sovereign

Agriculture

OVERVIEW

Group
30 Jun 25
Bank and
other
financial

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

316
316

317
317

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

9.2

9.2

Credit risk (continued)

Large exposures

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

Credit risk (continued)

Distribution of financial instruments by credit quality

Concentrations of exposure to any counterparty or counterparty group are controlled by the Large Credit Exposure Policy (LCEP), which
defines a graduated limit framework that restricts credit limits based on the PD Rating and the type of counterparty. All exposures outside
the policy limits require approval by the Executive Credit Authority and are reported to the Board.

Group
As at 30 June 2025
Stage 1

Stage 2 ¹
Performing

Stage 3
Nonperforming

Performing

Total

$M

$M

$M

$M

Distribution of financial assets by credit classification

Credit grade:

Where a borrower is in default or facility is restructured on non-commercial terms, the financial asset is classified and reported as nonperforming. Provisions for non-performing financial assets are raised where there is objective evidence of non-performance and for an
amount adequate to cover assessed credit related losses. The Group regularly reviews its financial assets and monitors adherence to
contractual terms. Non-performing credit risk-rated exposures are assessed, at least at each balance sheet date, to ensure the financial
asset classification and provisioning remains appropriate.

Investment

530,942

21,650

–

552,592

Pass

303,534

138,629

–

442,163

Weak

636

7,843

10,695

19,174

Gross carrying amount

835,112

168,122

10,695

1,013,929

Distribution of financial instruments by credit quality

Undrawn credit commitments

The tables on pages 317 to 324 provide information about the gross carrying amount of the Group’s and the Bank’s loans and other
receivables by credit rating grade and ECL stage.

Credit grade:
Investment

139,235

7,308

–

146,543

Pass

33,452

12,695

–

46,147

This segmentation of loans by risk profile is based on the benchmarking of a borrower’s internally assessed PD to S&P Global ratings,
reflecting a borrower’s ability to meet their credit obligations. In particular, retail PD pools are aligned to the Group’s PD grades which are
consistent with rating agency views of credit quality segmentation.

Weak
Total undrawn credit commitments

144

491

209

844

172,831

20,494

209

193,534

S&P Rating Equivalent

Total credit exposures

1,007,943

188,616

10,904

1,207,463

Investment

AAA to BBB-

Impairment provision

(1,784)

(2,882)

(1,507)

(6,173)

Pass

BB+ to B-

Weak

CCC and below, in default

Provisions to credit exposure %

0.2

1.5

13.8

0.5

Investment

9,970

875

–

10,845

Pass

5,282

6,011

–

11,293

1 Allocation of loans to credit grades is based on internally assessed long-run PD factors used for regulatory capital purposes. The allocation does not include the impact
of forward-looking scenarios applied in estimating ECL.

Financial guarantees and other off balance sheet instruments
Credit grade:

556

98

658

7,442

98

22,796

Impairment provision

(40)

(154)

(10)

(204)

Provisions to credit exposure %

0.3

2.1

10.2

0.9

Total credit exposures
Credit grade:
680,147

29,833

–

709,980

Pass

342,268

157,335

–

499,603

Weak

784

8,890

11,002

20,676

1,023,199

196,058

11,002

1,230,259

(1,824)

(3,036)

(1,517)

(6,377)

0.2

1.5

13.8

0.5

Total credit exposures
Total impairment provision
Provision to credit exposure %

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

1 The assessment of significant increase in credit risk includes the impact of forward looking multiple economic scenarios in addition to adjustments for emerging risk at
an industry, geographic location or a particular portfolio segment level, which are calculated by stressing an exposure’s internal credit rating grade at the reporting
date. This accounts for approximately 58% of Stage 2 credit exposures for the Group as at 30 June 2025.

FINANCIAL REPORT

Investment

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

4
15,256

Weak
Total financial guarantees and other off balance sheet instruments

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Credit Grade 1

SUSTAINABILITY

Loans and other receivables
CREATING VALUE

Excessive risk concentrations to countries and particular industries or sectors are managed through the Country Risk Exposure Policy
and Industry Sector Concentration Policy.

OVERVIEW

The Group has a high quality, well diversified credit portfolio, with 63% of the gross loans and other receivables in domestic mortgage
loans and a further 7% in overseas mortgage loans, primarily in New Zealand. Overseas loans account for 13% of loans and other
receivables.

318
318

319
319

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

9.2

9.2

Credit risk (continued)

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

Credit risk (continued)
Group ¹
As at 30 June 2024

Group
30 June 2025
Stage 2 ¹

Performing

Performing

$M

$M

Stage 3
Nonperforming
$M

Stage 1

Stage 2 ²

Total

Performing

$M

$M

Home loans

Loans and other receivables

Credit grade:

Credit grade:

Total

$M

$M

$M

–

508,627

Investment

509,879

9,811

–

519,690

Investment

489,281

19,346

Pass

223,654

45,487

–

269,141

Pass

286,201

135,716

–

421,917

Weak

1,018

7,155

9,406

17,579

776,500

162,217

9,406

948,123

Investment

119,153

6,994

–

126,147

Pass

34,641

14,147

–

48,788

195

494

107

796

107

175,731

Weak
Total home loans
Impairment provision
Provisions to credit exposure %

170

879

7,980

9,029

733,703

56,177

7,980

797,860

Gross carrying amount

(936)

(682)

(431)

(2,049)

Undrawn credit commitments

0.1

1.2

5.4

0.3

Credit grade:

Credit grade:

19,493

1,504

–

20,997

Pass

15,043

1,035

–

16,078

Total undrawn credit commitments

153,989

21,635

Weak

529

935

241

1,705

Total credit exposures

930,489

183,852

9,513

1,123,854

(1,768)

(2,610)

(1,534)

(5,912)

0.2

1.4

16.1

0.5

–

12,869

Total consumer finance

35,065

3,474

241

38,780

Impairment provision

Impairment provision

(396)

(449)

(162)

(1,007)

Provisions to credit exposure %

1.1

12.9

67.2

2.6

Provisions to credit exposure %

Financial guarantees and other off balance sheet instruments

Business and corporate

Credit grade:

Credit grade:

Investment

11,434

1,435

169,293

Pass

4,318

5,734

–

10,052

Weak

17

708

71

796

15,769

7,877

71

23,717

Investment

150,775

18,518

–

103,571

110,813

–

214,384

Weak

85

7,076

2,781

9,942

254,431

136,407

2,781

393,619

Impairment provision

(27)

(184)

(12)

(223)

Provisions to credit exposure %

0.2

2.3

16.9

0.9

–

647,643

Total business and corporate
Impairment provision
Provisions to credit exposure %

(492)

(1,905)

(924)

(3,321)

0.2

1.4

33.2

0.8

Total financial guarantees and other off balance sheet instruments

Total credit exposures
Credit grade:

Credit grade:

Investment

619,868

27,775

709,980

Pass

325,160

155,597

–

480,757

1,230

8,357

9,584

19,171

Investment

680,147

29,833

–

Pass

342,268

157,335

–

499,603

Weak

Weak

784

8,890

11,002

20,676

Total credit exposures

946,258

191,729

9,584

1,147,571

1,023,199

196,058

11,002

1,230,259

Total impairment provision

(1,795)

(2,794)

(1,546)

(6,135)

(1,824)

(3,036)

(1,517)

(6,377)

0.2

1.5

16.1

0.5

0.2

1.5

13.8

0.5

Total credit exposures
Total impairment provision
Provision to credit exposure %

1 Comparative information has been restated to conform to the presentation in the current year.
2 The assessment of significant increase in credit risk includes the impact of forward looking multiple economic scenarios in addition to adjustments for emerging risk at
an industry, geographic location or a particular portfolio segment level, which are calculated by stressing an exposure’s internal credit rating grade at the reporting
date. This accounts for approximately 64% of Stage 2 credit exposures for the Group as at 30 June 2024.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

1 The assessment of significant increase in credit risk includes the impact of forward looking multiple economic scenarios in addition to adjustments for emerging risk at
an industry, geographic location or a particular portfolio segment level, which are calculated by stressing an exposure’s internal credit rating grade at the reporting
date. This accounts for approximately 58% of Stage 2 credit exposures for the Group as at 30 June 2025.

Provision to credit exposure %

FINANCIAL REPORT

Total credit exposures

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Pass

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Investment

Weak

SUSTAINABILITY

Consumer finance

CREATING VALUE

Performing

Stage 3
Nonperforming

OVERVIEW

Stage 1

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

320
320

321
321

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

9.2

9.2

Credit risk (continued)

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

Credit risk (continued)
Bank
As at 30 June 2025

Group ¹
30 June 2024
Stage 2 ²

Performing

Performing

$M

$M

Stage 3
Nonperforming
$M

Stage 1

Stage 2 ¹

Total

Performing

$M

$M

Home loans

Loans and other receivables

Credit grade:

Credit grade:

Total

$M

$M

$M

–

530,765

Investment

453,412

6,104

–

459,516

Investment

511,406

19,359

Pass

238,998

41,076

–

280,074

Pass

232,638

118,392

–

351,030

Weak

636

7,209

8,828

16,673

744,680

144,960

8,828

898,468

Investment

131,414

6,802

–

138,216

Pass

26,428

11,017

–

37,445

144

358

174

676

174

176,337

Weak
Total home loans
Impairment provision
Provisions to credit exposure %

182

803

6,727

7,712

692,592

47,983

6,727

747,302

Gross carrying amount

(994)

(516)

(570)

(2,080)

Undrawn credit commitments

0.1

1.1

8.5

0.3

Credit grade:

Credit grade:

19,726

1,065

–

20,791

Pass

10,911

3,305

–

14,216

Total undrawn credit commitments

157,986

18,177

Weak

813

813

238

1,864

Total credit exposures

902,666

163,137

9,002

1,074,805

Impairment provision

(1,649)

(2,653)

(1,257)

(5,559)

0.2

1.6

14.0

0.5

–

10,593

Total consumer finance

31,450

5,183

238

36,871

Impairment provision

(366)

(464)

(157)

(987)

1.2

9.0

66.0

2.7

Provisions to credit exposure %

Provisions to credit exposure %
Financial guarantees and other off balance sheet instruments

Business and corporate

Credit grade:

Credit grade:

Investment

9,729

864

167,336

Pass

5,062

5,787

–

10,849

Weak

4

466

94

564

14,795

7,117

94

22,006

Investment

146,730

20,606

–

75,251

111,216

–

186,467

Weak

235

6,741

2,619

9,595

222,216

138,563

2,619

363,398

Impairment provision

(39)

(145)

(9)

(193)

Provisions to credit exposure %

0.3

2.0

9.6

0.9

–

679,574

Total business and corporate
Impairment provision
Provisions to credit exposure %

(435)

(1,814)

(819)

(3,068)

0.2

1.3

31.3

0.8

Total financial guarantees and other off balance sheet instruments

Total credit exposures
Credit grade:

Credit grade:

Investment

652,549

27,025

647,643

Pass

264,128

135,196

–

399,324

784

8,033

9,096

17,913

Investment

619,868

27,775

–

Pass

325,160

155,597

–

480,757

Weak

Weak

1,230

8,357

9,584

19,171

Total credit exposures

917,461

170,254

9,096

1,096,811

Total credit exposures

946,258

191,729

9,584

1,147,571

Total impairment provision

(1,688)

(2,798)

(1,266)

(5,752)

Total impairment provision

(1,795)

(2,794)

(1,546)

(6,135)

0.2

1.6

13.9

0.5

0.2

1.5

16.1

0.5

Provision to credit exposure %

1 The assessment of significant increase in credit risk includes the impact of forward looking multiple economic scenarios in addition to adjustments for emerging risk at
an industry, geographic location or a particular portfolio segment level, which are calculated by stressing an exposure’s internal credit rating grade at the reporting
date. This accounts for approximately 57% of Stage 2 credit exposures for the Bank as at 30 June 2025.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

1 Comparative information has been restated to conform to the presentation in the current year.
2 The assessment of significant increase in credit risk includes the impact of forward looking multiple economic scenarios in addition to adjustments for emerging risk at
an industry, geographic location or a particular portfolio segment level, which are calculated by stressing an exposure’s internal credit rating grade at the reporting
date. This accounts for approximately 64% of Stage 2 credit exposures for the Group as at 30 June 2024.

Provision to credit exposure %

FINANCIAL REPORT

Total credit exposures

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Pass

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Investment

Weak

SUSTAINABILITY

Consumer finance

CREATING VALUE

Performing

Stage 3
Nonperforming

OVERVIEW

Stage 1

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

322
322

323
323

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

9.2

9.2

Credit risk (continued)

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

Credit risk (continued)
Bank ¹
As at 30 June 2024

Bank
30 June 2025
Stage 2 ¹

Performing

Performing

$M

$M

Stage 3
Nonperforming
$M

Stage 1

Stage 2 ²

Total

Performing

$M

$M

Home loans

Loans and other receivables

Credit grade:

Credit grade:

Total

$M

$M

$M

–

489,261

Investment

492,729

9,544

–

502,273

Investment

471,826

17,435

Pass

157,818

41,036

–

198,854

Pass

220,182

114,758

–

334,940

Weak

1,018

6,524

7,602

15,144

693,026

138,717

7,602

839,345

Investment

113,261

6,453

–

119,714

Pass

29,349

12,756

–

42,105

195

473

74

742

74

162,561

Weak
Total home loans
Impairment provision
Provisions to credit exposure %

170

789

6,425

7,384

650,717

51,369

6,425

708,511

Gross carrying amount

(881)

(639)

(305)

(1,825)

Undrawn credit commitments

0.1

1.2

4.7

0.3

Credit grade:

Credit grade:

18,563

1,478

–

20,041

Pass

13,546

942

–

14,488

Total undrawn credit commitments

142,805

19,682

Weak

528

935

198

1,661

Total credit exposures

835,831

158,399

7,676

1,001,906

Impairment provision

(1,637)

(2,381)

(1,303)

(5,321)

0.2

1.5

17.0

0.5

–

12,628

Total consumer finance

32,637

3,355

198

36,190

Impairment provision

(372)

(439)

(144)

(955)

1.1

13.1

72.7

2.6

Provisions to credit exposure %

Provisions to credit exposure %
Financial guarantees and other off balance sheet instruments

Business and corporate

Credit grade:

Credit grade:

Investment

11,208

1,420

157,260

Pass

4,088

5,511

–

9,599

Weak

17

629

69

715

15,313

7,560

69

22,942

Investment

141,257

16,003

–

92,764

93,218

–

185,982

Weak

86

6,309

2,473

8,868

234,107

115,530

2,473

352,110

Impairment provision

(26)

(165)

(12)

(203)

Provisions to credit exposure %

0.2

2.2

17.4

0.9

–

621,603

Total business and corporate
Impairment provision
Provisions to credit exposure %

(435)

(1,720)

(817)

(2,972)

0.2

1.5

33.0

0.8

Total financial guarantees and other off balance sheet instruments

Total credit exposures
Credit grade:

Credit grade:

Investment

596,295

25,308

679,574

Pass

253,619

133,025

–

386,644

1,230

7,626

7,745

16,601

Investment

652,549

27,025

–

Pass

264,128

135,196

–

399,324

Weak

Weak

784

8,033

9,096

17,913

Total credit exposures

851,144

165,959

7,745

1,024,848

Total credit exposures

917,461

170,254

9,096

1,096,811

Total impairment provision

(1,663)

(2,546)

(1,315)

(5,524)

Total impairment provision

(1,688)

(2,798)

(1,266)

(5,752)

0.2

1.5

17.0

0.5

0.2

1.6

13.9

0.5

Provision to credit exposure %

1 Comparative information has been restated to conform to the presentation in the current year.
2 The assessment of significant increase in credit risk includes the impact of forward looking multiple economic scenarios in addition to adjustments for emerging risk at
an industry, geographic location or a particular portfolio segment level, which are calculated by stressing an exposure’s internal credit rating grade at the reporting
date. This accounts for approximately 64% of Stage 2 credit exposures for the Bank as at 30 June 2024.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

1 The assessment of significant increase in credit risk includes the impact of forward looking multiple economic scenarios in addition to adjustments for emerging risk at
an industry, geographic location or a particular portfolio segment level, which are calculated by stressing an exposure’s internal credit rating grade at the reporting
date. This accounts for approximately 57% of Stage 2 credit exposures for the Bank as at 30 June 2025.

Provision to credit exposure %

FINANCIAL REPORT

Total credit exposures

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Pass

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Investment

Weak

SUSTAINABILITY

Consumer finance

CREATING VALUE

Performing

Stage 3
Nonperforming

OVERVIEW

Stage 1

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

324
324

325
325

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

9.2

9.2

Credit risk (continued)

Performing
$M

Group
30 Jun 25

Performing

Stage 3
Nonperforming

Total

$M

$M

$M

Consumer

Other

Home loans

finance

lending

Total ¹

797,860

38,780

386,521

1,223,161

10.3

52.7

81.6

Maximum exposure ($M)
Collateral classification:

Credit grade:

Secured (%)

99.1
0.9

–

20.0

6.9

–

89.7

27.3

11.5

Investment

438,399

5,932

–

444,331

Partially secured (%)

Pass

178,537

36,838

–

215,375

Unsecured (%)

Weak

182

803

5,340

6,325

617,118

43,573

5,340

666,031

(935)

(476)

(456)

(1,867)

0.2

1.1

8.5

0.3

Total home loans
Impairment provision
Provisions to credit exposure %
Credit grade:

18,843

1,032

–

19,875

Pass

9,407

3,191

–

12,598

Weak

812

799

196

1,807

Total consumer finance

29,062

5,022

196

34,280

Impairment provision

(346)

(451)

(135)

(932)

1.2

9.0

68.9

2.7

Provisions to credit exposure %

Consumer

Other

Home loans

finance

lending

Total ¹

746,376

40,755

348,593

1,135,724

Secured (%)

99.3

11.4

51.3

81.8

Partially secured (%)

0.7

–

20.1

6.4

–

88.6

28.6

11.8

Maximum exposure ($M)
Collateral classification:

Unsecured (%)

1 As at 30 June 2024, total exposures in ECL Stage 3 were $9,577 million. 66% of these exposures were secured, 28% partially secured and 6% unsecured.

Bank
30 Jun 25

Business and corporate

Other

finance

lending

Total ¹

708,511

36,190

345,770

1,090,471

Secured (%)

99.1

10.9

51.4

81.0

Partially secured (%)

0.9

–

20.1

7.0

–

89.1

28.5

12.0

Credit grade:
–

157,397

92,996

–

158,671

6,024

2,209

8,469

204,964

117,364

2,209

324,537

(382)

(1,619)

(724)

(2,725)

0.2

1.4

32.8

0.8

Investment

139,053

18,344

Pass

65,675

Weak

236

Total business and corporate
Impairment provision
Provisions to credit exposure %

Maximum exposure ($M)
Collateral classification:

Unsecured (%)

1 As at 30 June 2025, total exposures in ECL Stage 3 were $9,096 million. 68% of these exposures were secured, 26% partially secured and 6% unsecured.

Total credit exposures

Bank

Credit grade:

30 Jun 24

596,295

25,308

–

621,603

Pass

253,619

133,025

–

386,644

Weak

1,230

7,626

7,745

16,601

Total credit exposures

851,144

165,959

7,745

1,024,848

Total impairment provision

(1,663)

(2,546)

(1,315)

(5,524)

0.2

1.5

17.0

0.5

Provision to credit exposure %

Other

Home loans

finance

lending

Total ¹

662,756

38,111

311,376

1,012,243

Secured (%)

99.5

12.1

49.6

81.3

Partially secured (%)

0.5

–

19.7

6.2

–

87.9

30.7

12.5

Maximum exposure ($M)
Collateral classification:

Unsecured (%)

1 As at 30 June 2024, total exposures in ECL Stage 3 were $7,739 million. 73% of these exposures were secured, 21% partially secured and 6% unsecured.

For the purposes of the collateral classification above, loans are classified as secured when the ratio of exposure to the estimated value
of collateral is 100% or below and partially secured when the ratio of exposure to the estimated value of collateral is greater than 100%.
For
other is
types
of exposures,
a facility
deemed
be secured
ratiocards,
of exposure
to thepersonal
estimated
valueexposures
of collateraltoishighly
less than
A
facility
deemed
unsecured
whenisthere
is notosecurity
heldwhen
(e.g.the
credit
unsecured
loans,
or equal
to 100%.entities).
A facility is deemed unsecured when there is no security held (e.g. credit cards, unsecured personal loans, exposures
rated
corporate
to highly rated corporate entities).

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

1 Comparative information has been restated to conform to the presentation in the current year.
2 The assessment of significant increase in credit risk includes the impact of forward looking multiple economic scenarios in addition to adjustments for emerging risk at
an industry, geographic location or a particular portfolio segment level, which are calculated by stressing an exposure’s internal credit rating grade at the reporting
date. This accounts for approximately 64% of Stage 2 credit exposures for the Bank as at 30 June 2024.

Consumer

FINANCIAL REPORT

Investment

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Consumer
Home loans

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Investment

Group
30 Jun 24

SUSTAINABILITY

Consumer finance

1 As at 30 June 2025, total exposures in ECL Stage 3 were $11,002 million. 60% of these exposures were secured, 34% partially secured and 6% unsecured.

CREATING VALUE

Home loans

OVERVIEW

Stage 2 ²

Credit risk (continued)

Collateral held against lending exposures

Bank ¹
30 June 2024
Stage 1

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

326
326

327
327

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

9.2

9.3

Credit risk (continued)

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

Market risk

Collateral held against loans and other receivables

Market risk measurement

Home loans

The Group uses Value-at-Risk (VaR) as one of the measures of traded and non-traded market risk. VaR measures potential loss using
historically observed market movements and correlation between different markets.

Consumer finance

Business and corporate
The Group’s main collateral types for other lending consists of secured rights over specified assets of the borrower in the form of:
commercial property; land rights; cash (usually in the form of a charge over a deposit) and other liquid assets (e.g. bonds, shares,
investment funds); guarantees by company Directors; fixed and floating charges over a company’s assets (including debtors, stock and
work in progress); or a charge over assets being financed (e.g. vehicles, equipment). In other instances, a client’s facilities may be secured
by collateral with value less than the carrying amount of the credit exposure. These facilities are deemed partially secured or unsecured.

The VaR measured for traded market risk uses two years of daily movement in market rates. The VaR measure for non-traded banking
book market risk uses six years of daily movement in market rates.
A 10-day holding period is used for trading book positions. A 20-day holding period is used for interest rate risk in the banking book.
VaR is driven by historical observations and is not an estimate of the maximum loss that the Group could experience from an extreme
market event. As a result of this limitation, management also uses stress testing to measure the potential for economic loss at confidence
levels significantly higher than 99.0%. Management then uses these results in decisions to manage the economic impact of market risk
positions.

Total market risk VaR (10-day 99.0% confidence)

Average
30 Jun 25 ¹

As at
30 Jun 25

Average
30 Jun 24 ¹

As at
30 Jun 24

$M

$M

$M

$M

41.6

41.4

56.6

37.1

Non-traded interest rate risk ²

450.4

445.1

414.8

426.8

1 Average VaR calculated for each 12 month period.
2 The risk of these exposures has been represented in this table using a 10-day holding period. In practice, however, these “non-traded” exposures are managed to a
longer holding period.

SUSTAINABILITY

Traded market risk

CREATING VALUE

Other consumer category includes credit cards, low-cost credit contracts and personal loans which are predominantly unsecured, whilst
margin lending and some personal loans are secured.

VaR is modelled at a 99.0% confidence level. This means that there is a 99.0% probability that the loss will not exceed the VaR estimate
on any given day.

OVERVIEW

Home loans must be secured by mortgages over borrowers’ residential properties as the primary security. In limited circumstances,
collateral in the form of cash, commercial property or second mortgages may be provided in addition to residential property. Except for
some relatively small portfolios, for loans with an LVR of higher than 80%, either a Low Deposit Premium or margin is levied, or Lender’s
Mortgage Insurance (LMI) is taken out to protect the Group by covering the difference between the principal amount plus interest owing
and the net amount received from selling the collateral upon default.

Traded market risk

The Group maintains access to markets by quoting bid and offer prices with other market makers and carries an inventory of treasury,
capital market and risk management instruments, including a broad range of securities and derivatives.
Average
30 Jun 24 ¹

As at
30 Jun 24

$M

$M

$M

$M

Interest rate risk ²

25.9

23.5

28.6

22.5

Foreign exchange risk

4.1

5.2

3.9

5.2

Commodities risk

9.5

8.2

16.0

8.6

Credit spread risk

24.9

29.0

23.3

22.3

Volatility risk

3.8

2.5

6.0

4.5

Diversification benefit

(40.0)

(46.5)

(43.1)

(41.5)

Total general market risk

28.2

21.9

34.7

21.6

Undiversified risk

12.6

19.0

20.6

13.8

Traded market risk VaR (10-day 99.0% confidence)

Other ³

0.8

0.5

1.3

1.7

Total

41.6

41.4

56.6

37.1

1 Average VaR calculated for each 12 month period.
2 Includes basis risk.
3 Includes ASB and CBA Europe.

FINANCIAL REPORT

As at
30 Jun 25

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Average
30 Jun 25 ¹

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Traded market risk is generated through the Group’s participation in financial markets to service its customers. The Group trades and
distributes interest rate, foreign exchange, debt, equity and commodity products, and provides treasury, capital markets and risk
management services to its customers globally.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

328
328

329
329

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

9.3

9.3

Market risk (continued)

Market risk (continued)

Non-traded market risk
Interest rate risk in the banking book

The Group measures and manages the impact of interest rate risk in two ways:

The prospective change to the net interest income is measured by using an Asset and Liability Management simulation model which
incorporates both existing and anticipated new business in its assessment. The change in the balance sheet product mix, growth, funding
and pricing strategies is incorporated.

Products that are priced based on Group administered or discretionary interest rates and that are impacted by customer behaviour are
measured by taking into consideration the historic repricing strategy of the Group and repricing behaviours of customers. In addition to
considering how the products have been repriced in the past, the expected change in price based on both the current and anticipated
competitive market forces are also considered in the sensitivity analysis.
Following the decrease in interest rates during the year, the Group’s sensitivity to a 100 basis point interest rate shock has increased.
30 Jun 24

$M

$M

Average monthly exposure

404.0

376.2

High monthly exposure

541.4

526.4

Low monthly exposure

239.6

216.4

As at balance date

396.8

374.6

Measuring the change in the economic value of equity is an assessment of the long-term impact to the earnings potential of the Group
present valued to the current date. The Group assesses the potential change in its economic value of equity through the application of
the VaR methodology.
A 20-day 99.0% VaR measure is used to capture the net economic value impact over the long-term or total life of all balance sheet assets
and liabilities to adverse changes in interest rates.

The figures in the following table represent the net present value of the expected change in the Group’s future earnings in all future periods
for the remaining term of all existing assets and liabilities.

586.7

High daily exposure

674.3

655.2

Low daily exposure

597.9

518.4

As at balance date

629.5

603.6

1 Average VaR calculated for each 12 month period.

Structural foreign exchange risk
Structural foreign exchange risk is the risk that movements in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on the Group's Australian
dollar earnings and economic value when the Group's foreign currency denominated retained earnings and capital are translated into
Australian dollars. The Group's material risk exposures to this risk arise from the following currencies: New Zealand Dollar, US Dollar,
Euro and British Pound Sterling.

Lease residual value risk
The Group takes lease residual value risk on assets such as industrial, mining, rail, marine, and other equipment. A lease residual value
guarantee exposes the Group to a potential fall in prices of these assets below the guarantee level at lease expiry.

Defined benefit plans
As part of the Commonwealth Bank Group Super Fund's (the Fund) merger with Australian Retirement Trust (ART), all defined benefit,
defined contribution and lifetime pension members were transferred to ART in two tranches which completed in November 2023 and
November 2024 (refer to Note 10.2). As at 30 June 2025, the Group is exposed to market risk in relation to the defined benefit plans in
ART.

FINANCIAL REPORT

The impact of customer prepayments on the contractual cash flows for fixed rate products is included in the calculation. Cash flows for
discretionary priced products are behaviourally adjusted and repriced at the resultant profile.

636.9

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

(b) Economic value
Interest rate risk from the economic value perspective is based on a 20-day 99.0% VaR measure.

Average daily exposure

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

30 Jun 25

Net interest earnings at risk

$M

SUSTAINABILITY

Assets and liabilities that reprice directly from observable market rates are measured based on the full extent of the rate shock that is
applied.

30 Jun 24 ¹

$M

CREATING VALUE

(a) Next 12 months’ earnings
Interest rate risk from an earnings perspective is the impact based on changes to the net interest income over the next 12 months. The
risk to net interest income over the next 12 months from changes in interest rates is measured on a monthly basis. Earnings risk is
measured through sensitivity analysis, which applies an instantaneous 100 basis point parallel shock in interest rates across the yield
curve.

30 Jun 25 ¹

Non-traded interest rate risk VaR (20-day 99.0% confidence)

OVERVIEW

Interest rate risk is the current and prospective impact to the Group’s financial condition due to adverse changes in interest rates to which
the Group’s Balance Sheet is exposed. The maturity transformation activities of the Group create mismatches in the repricing terms of
asset and liability positions. These mismatches may have undesired earnings and value outcomes depending on the interest rate
movements. The Group’s objective is to manage interest rate risk to achieve stable and sustainable net interest income in the long-term.

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

330
330

331
331

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

9.4

9.4

Liquidity and funding risk

OVERVIEW

The Group’s liquidity policies are designed to ensure it maintains sufficient holdings of cash and liquid assets to meet its obligations to
customers, in both ordinary market conditions and during periods of severe stress. These policies are intended to protect the value of the
Group’s operations during periods of unfavourable market conditions.

Liquidity and funding risk (continued)

Contingency Funding Plan
The Group maintains a Contingency Funding Plan which details how the Group would respond to a liquidity stress event. The plan includes
details of roles and responsibilities including the committee of responsible executives, early warning indicators and trigger events, and
potential contingent funding actions that could be undertaken to manage the Group’s liquidity position as well as a communications
strategy. The plan is regularly tested and is approved by the CBA Board on an annual basis.

Maturity analysis of monetary liabilities
Amounts shown in the tables below are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows for the remaining contractual maturities.

The Group’s funding policies are designed to achieve diversified sources of funding by product, term, maturity date, investor type, investor
location, currency and concentration, on a cost effective basis. This objective applies to the Group’s wholesale and retail funding activities.

Group
3 to 12
months

1 to 5
years

Over 5
years

Total

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

Deposits and other public borrowings ¹

798,609

138,488

8,018

–

945,115

Payables to financial institutions

15,620

12,722

–

–

28,342

Liabilities at fair value through income statement

48,363

959

846

–

50,168

Monetary liabilities

Derivative financial instruments:
Held for trading

Liquidity and funding policies and management

Held for hedging purposes (net-settled)

The Group’s liquidity and funding policies provide that:

Held for hedging purposes (gross-settled):

• A surplus of stable funding from various sources, as measured by APRA’s Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR), is maintained. The NSFR
is calculated by applying factors prescribed by APRA to assets and liabilities to determine a ratio of required stable funding to available
stable funding which must be greater than 100%;

–

–

–

21,758

140

141

1,170

1,696

3,147

Outflows

6,455

15,484

65,185

38,325

125,449

Inflows

(4,788)

(15,298)

(64,485)

(36,563)

(121,134)

Term funding from central banks

481

650

–

–

1,131

Debt issues and loan capital ²

26,101

44,921

114,250

52,240

237,512

342

1,242

860

2,558

7,457

898

1,213

835

10,403

• Additional funding and liquidity metrics are calculated and monitored as early warning indicators of a potential stress event;

Total monetary liabilities

920,310

199,307

127,439

57,393

1,304,449

• Short and long-term wholesale funding limits are established, monitored and reviewed regularly;

Financial guarantees ³

6,803

–

–

–

6,803

• The Group’s wholesale funding market capacity is regularly assessed and used as a factor in funding strategies;

Performance related contingencies ³

15,993

–

–

–

15,993

• Group Treasury maintains a portfolio of highly liquid assets to meet liquidity requirements under a range of market conditions. The liquid
asset portfolio includes cash and liquid assets, including government and Australian semi-government securities, meeting APRA’s High
Quality Liquid Asset (HQLA) definition and other highly liquid assets which are repo-eligible with the Reserve Bank of Australia (RBA);

Commitments to provide credit and other commitments ³

207,278

–

–

–

207,278

Total off balance sheet items

230,074

–

–

–

230,074

• Liquid assets are held in Australian dollar and foreign currency denominated securities in accordance with expected requirements;

Total monetary liabilities and off balance sheet items

1,150,384

199,307

127,439

57,393

1,534,523

• In line with APRA’s requirements to hold adequate levels of self-securitised assets, the Group also holds internal RMBS with a minimum
value of 30% of Group’s Australian dollar LCR net cash outflows. The internal RMBS has mortgages securitised but retained by the
Bank, and are repo-eligible collateral to obtain funding from the RBA under the Exceptional Liquidity Assistance (ELA) arrangement; and

The Group’s key funding tools include:
• Consumer retail funding base, which includes a wide range of retail transaction accounts, savings accounts and term deposits for
individual consumers;
• Small business customer and institutional deposit base; and

Liquidity modelling and forecasting is undertaken on a daily basis to ensure the Group meets its internal and regulatory liquidity
requirements at all times. A regulatory liquidity management reporting system models and reports regulatory liquidity outcomes.
Additionally, a comprehensive Funds Transfer Pricing framework is in place to attribute the cost of funding and liquidity to business units
and to provide appropriate incentives to inform business decision making.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

• Wholesale domestic and international funding programmes, which include Australian dollar Negotiable Certificates of Deposit, US and
Euro Commercial Paper programmes, Australian dollar Domestic Debt Programme, US Medium-Term Note Programmes, Euro MediumTerm Note Programme, multi-jurisdiction Covered Bond programmes and Medallion securitisation programmes.

1 Includes deposits that are contractually at call, customer savings and cheque accounts. These accounts provide a stable source of long-term funding.
2 Loan capital cash flows are disclosed based on the earliest optional exchange dates rather than the contractual maturity dates. For the contractual maturity dates of
these securities, refer to Note 8.2.
3 All off balance sheet items are included in the 0 to 3 months maturity band to reflect their earliest possible maturity.

FINANCIAL REPORT

• Offshore branches and subsidiaries adhere to liquidity policies and hold appropriate foreign currency liquid assets to meet required
regulations. Material banking subsidiaries are required to maintain an LCR of at least 100%.

Lease liabilities

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

114

Other monetary liabilities

• Scenario analysis is central to the Group’s liquidity management framework and the Group undertakes additional stress testing including
severe and moderate market specific and idiosyncratic scenarios over and above the regulatory defined scenarios;

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

• An excess of liquid assets over the minimum prescribed under APRA’s Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) requirement is maintained.
Australian ADIs are required to meet a 100% LCR, calculated as the ratio of high quality liquid assets to 30 day net cash outflows
projected under a prescribed stress scenario;

21,758

SUSTAINABILITY

Subsidiaries within the Group apply their own liquidity and funding strategies to address their specific needs. The Group’s banking
subsidiaries, ASB and CBA Europe N.V., manage their own domestic liquidity and funding needs in accordance with their own liquidity
policies and the policies of the Group. ASB’s liquidity policy is also overseen by the RBNZ.

0 to 3
months

CREATING VALUE

Maturity Period as at 30 June 2025

Liquidity and funding risk management framework
The CBA Board is responsible for the sound and prudent management of liquidity risk across the Group. The Group’s liquidity and funding
policies, structured under the Group Liquidity Risk Management Framework, are approved by the Board. The Group Asset and Liability
Committee’s (ALCO) responsibilities include asset and liability management, reviewing liquidity and funding policies and strategies, and
monitoring compliance with those policies across the Group. Group Treasury manages the Group’s liquidity and funding positions in
accordance with the Group’s Liquidity Policy and supporting standards and has ultimate authority to execute liquidity and funding decisions
should the Group Contingency Funding Plan be activated. Risk Management provides oversight of the Group’s liquidity and funding risks,
compliance with Group policies and manages the Group’s relationship with prudential regulators.

OVERVIEW

The Group’s liquidity and funding policies are designed to ensure it will meet its obligations as and when they fall due by ensuring it is
able to raise funding on an unsecured or secured basis, has sufficient liquid assets to borrow against under repurchase agreements or
sell to raise immediate funds without adversely affecting the Group’s net asset value.

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

332
332

333
333

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

9.4

9.4

Liquidity and funding risk (continued)

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

Liquidity and funding risk (continued)

Group ¹

Bank

Maturity Period as at 30 June 2024

Maturity Period as at 30 June 2025

Over 5

0 to 3

3 to 12

1 to 5

Over 5

years

years

Total

months

months

years

years

Total

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

Deposits and other public borrowings ²

720,131

160,826

9,605

2

890,564

Deposits and other public borrowings ¹

737,924

116,244

4,335

–

858,503

Payables to financial institutions

17,446

7,525

–

–

24,971

Payables to financial institutions

15,004

12,722

–

–

27,726

Liabilities at fair value through income statement

44,712

2,741

235

–

47,688

Liabilities at fair value through income statement

47,671

500

846

–

49,017

15,069

–

–

–

15,069

Held for trading

23,830

–

–

–

23,830

311

208

1,081

1,662

3,262

Held for hedging purposes (net-settled)

234

497

2,733

2,500

5,964

Outflows

2,704

20,346

58,579

40,659

122,288

Outflows

5,882

16,613

71,150

45,746

139,391

Inflows

Inflows

Monetary liabilities

Monetary liabilities

Derivative financial instruments:
Held for trading
Held for hedging purposes (net-settled)

Derivative financial instruments:

Held for hedging purposes (gross-settled):

Held for hedging purposes (gross-settled):
(19,866)

(55,670)

(36,533)

(113,729)

496

2,710

1,099

–

4,305

Debt issues and loan capital ³

12,351

44,912

102,752

47,628

207,643

109

337

1,313

1,005

2,764

Lease liabilities

Other monetary liabilities

5,937

714

1,306

784

8,741

Total monetary liabilities

Lease liabilities

(4,503)

(16,460)

(69,901)

(43,421)

(134,285)

Due to controlled entities

4,735

7,050

28,175

12,819

52,779

Debt issues and loan capital ²

24,058

37,983

95,451

49,616

207,108

100

293

1,139

814

2,346

Other monetary liabilities

7,719

749

1,113

823

10,404

Total monetary liabilities

817,606

220,453

120,300

55,207

1,213,566

862,654

176,191

135,041

68,897

1,242,783

Financial guarantees ⁴

6,980

–

–

–

6,980

Financial guarantees ³

6,012

–

–

–

6,012

Performance related contingencies ⁴

13,650

–

–

–

13,650

Performance related contingencies ³

15,993

–

–

–

15,993

Commitments to provide credit and other commitments ⁴

182,610

–

–

–

182,610

Commitments to provide credit and other commitments ³

190,082

–

–

–

190,082

Total off balance sheet items

203,240

–

–

–

203,240

Total off balance sheet items

212,087

–

–

–

212,087

1,020,846

220,453

120,300

55,207

1,416,806

1,074,741

176,191

135,041

68,897

1,454,870

Total monetary liabilities and off balance sheet items

1 Includes deposits that are contractually at call, customer savings and cheque accounts. These accounts provide a stable source of long-term funding.
2 Loan capital cash flows are disclosed based on the earliest optional exchange dates rather than the contractual maturity dates. For the contractual maturity dates of
these securities, refer to Note 8.2.
3 All off balance sheet items are included in the 0 to 3 months maturity band to reflect their earliest possible maturity.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

1 Comparative information has been restated to conform to the presentation in the current year.
2 Includes deposits that are contractually at call, customer savings and cheque accounts. These accounts provide a stable source of long-term funding.
3 Loan capital cash flows are disclosed based on the earliest optional exchange dates rather than the contractual maturity dates. For the contractual maturity dates of
these securities, refer to Note 8.2.
4 All off balance sheet items are included in the 0 to 3 months maturity band to reflect their earliest possible maturity.

Total monetary liabilities and off balance sheet items

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

(1,660)

Term funding from central banks

SUSTAINABILITY

1 to 5

CREATING VALUE

3 to 12
months

OVERVIEW

0 to 3
months

FINANCIAL REPORT
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

334
334

335
335

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

9.4

9.5

Liquidity and funding risk (continued)

Disclosures about fair values

Fair value hierarchy for financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value

Bank ¹
Maturity Period as at 30 June 2024
3 to 12

1 to 5

Over 5

months

years

years

Total

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

Group
Fair value as at 30 June 2025

664,042

139,098

6,006

1

Fair value as at 30 June 2024

Level 2

Level 3

Total

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

27,827

10,621

5

38,453

18,235

7,904

5

26,144

–

57,278

639

57,917

–

52,705

184

52,889

–

24,630

89

24,719

109

17,869

80

18,058

16,945

7,525

–

–

24,470

Liabilities at fair value through income statement

44,863

2,140

236

–

47,239

Financial assets measured at fair
value on a recurring basis

16,821

–

–

–

16,821

Assets at fair value through income
statement:

294

300

1,370

1,799

3,763

2,105

23,605

54,487

38,239

118,436

Derivative assets
Investment securities at fair value
through other comprehensive income

89,574

16,029

1,415

107,018

82,878

13,111

785

96,774

Total financial assets measured at
fair value

117,401

108,558

2,148

228,107

101,222

91,589

1,054

193,865

7,751

42,091

–

49,842

8,606

38,735

–

47,341

166

24,956

24

25,146

55

18,745

50

18,850

7,917

67,047

24

74,988

8,661

57,480

50

66,191

Derivative financial instruments:
Held for trading
Held for hedging purposes (net-settled)
Held for hedging purposes (gross-settled):
Outflows

Other
(1,333)

(23,368)

(52,401)

(34,472)

(111,574)

Due to controlled entities

9,067

5,666

23,256

10,169

48,158

Debt issues and loan capital ³

10,598

40,757

86,244

43,881

181,480

98

284

1,196

975

2,553

Other monetary liabilities

6,086

679

1,193

771

8,729

Total monetary liabilities

769,586

196,686

121,587

61,363

1,149,222

Financial guarantees ⁴

6,326

–

–

–

6,326

Performance related contingencies ⁴

13,650

–

–

–

13,650

Commitments to provide credit and other commitments ⁴

167,975

–

–

–

167,975

Total off balance sheet items

187,951

–

–

–

187,951

Total monetary liabilities and off balance sheet items

957,537

196,686

121,587

61,363

1,337,173

Inflows

Lease liabilities

Trading

Liabilities at fair value through income
statement
Derivative liabilities
Total financial liabilities measured
at fair value

Bank
Fair value as at 30 June 2025

Fair value as at 30 June 2024

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

27,253

10,301

5

37,559

18,235

8,014

5

26,254

–

57,351

588

57,939

–

52,805

135

52,940

Financial assets measured at fair
value on a recurring basis
Assets at fair value through income
statement:
Trading
Other

88

24,861

109

19,609

79

19,797

81,395

14,330

1,406

97,131

75,620

11,450

777

87,847

Total financial assets measured at
fair value

108,648

106,755

2,087

217,490

93,964

91,878

996

186,838

7,751

40,958

–

48,709

8,606

38,305

–

46,911

165

29,099

24

29,288

55

19,935

50

20,040

7,916

70,057

24

77,997

8,661

58,240

50

66,951

Financial liabilities measured at fair
value on a recurring basis
Liabilities at fair value through income
statement
Derivative liabilities
Total financial liabilities measured
at fair value

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

24,773

FINANCIAL REPORT

–

Investment securities at fair value
through other comprehensive income

Derivative assets

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

1 Comparative information has been restated to conform to the presentation in the current year.
2 Includes deposits that are contractually at call, customer savings and cheque accounts. These accounts provide a stable source of long-term funding.
3 Loan capital cash flows are disclosed based on the earliest optional exchange dates rather than the contractual maturity dates. For the contractual maturity dates of
these securities, refer to Note 8.2.
4 All off balance sheet items are included in the 0 to 3 months maturity band to reflect their earliest possible maturity.

Financial liabilities measured at fair
value on a recurring basis

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Payables to financial institutions

SUSTAINABILITY

Level 1

CREATING VALUE

809,147

OVERVIEW

0 to 3
months

The classification in the fair value hierarchy of the Group’s and the Bank’s financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value is presented
in the tables below. An explanation of how fair values are calculated and the levels in the fair value hierarchy, is included in the accounting
policy within this note.

Monetary liabilities
Deposits and other public borrowings ²

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

336
336

337
337

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

9.5

9.5

Disclosures about fair values (continued)

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

Disclosures about fair values (continued)

At 30 June 2024, the Group’s and the Bank’s assets held for sale included $867 million of assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in Level 3.

Bank

Analysis of movements between fair value hierarchy levels

$M

$M

$M

$M

62

587

208

(64)

Purchases

40

104

90

(19)

Sales/settlements

(25)

(5)

(49)

12

Recognised in the Income Statement

5

–

23

21

Recognised in the Statement of Comprehensive Income

(3)

91

–

–

Transfers in

–

–

–

–

Transfers out

–

–

(132)

–

As at 30 June 2024

79

777

140

(50)

1

(12)

As at 1 July 2023

Financial
Liabilities
Assets at fair
value through
income
statement

Derivative
liabilities

$M

$M

$M

$M

As at 1 July 2023

62

594

257

(64)

Purchases

40

106

90

(19)

Sales/settlements

(24)

(5)

(46)

12

Recognised in the Income Statement

5

–

22

21

Gains/(losses) recognised in the Income Statement for financial
instruments held as at 30 June 2024

10

–

Recognised in the Statement of Comprehensive Income

(3)

90

–

–

As at 1 July 2024

79

777

140

(50)

Transfers in

–

–

–

–

Purchases

43

207

1,547

(14)

Transfers out

–

–

(134)

–

Sales/settlements

(42)

–

(1,093)

21

As at 30 June 2024

80

785

189

(50)

Gains/(losses) recognised in the Income Statement for financial
instruments held as at 30 June 2024

10

–

1

(12)

Recognised in the Income Statement

13

–

(1)

19

As at 1 July 2024

80

785

189

(50)

Recognised in the Statement of Comprehensive Income

Purchases

43

207

1,547

(14)

Sales/settlements

(42)

–

(1,093)

21

Gains/(losses) in the period:

Recognised in the Income Statement

13

–

1

19

Recognised in the Statement of Comprehensive Income

423

–

–

–

–

–

–

Transfers out

–

–

–

–

As at 30 June 2025

89

1,415

644

(24)

Gains/(losses) recognised in the Income Statement for financial
instruments held as at 30 June 2025

13

–

1

(1)

(5)

422

–

–

Transfers in

–

–

–

–

Transfers out

–

–

–

–

As at 30 June 2025

88

1,406

593

(24)

Gains/(losses) recognised in the Income Statement for financial
instruments held as at 30 June 2025

13

–

(1)

(1)

FINANCIAL REPORT

(5)

Transfers in

Gains/(losses) in the period:

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Gains/(losses) in the period:

Gains/(losses) in the period:

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Derivative
assets

Investment
securities at
fair value
through OCI

SUSTAINABILITY

Derivative
liabilities

CREATING VALUE

Assets at fair
value through
income
statement

OVERVIEW

Derivative
assets

Investment
securities at
fair value
through OCI

Level 3 movement analysis
Group

Financial
Liabilities

Financial Assets

The tables below summarise movements in Level 3 balances during the year. Transfers have been reflected as if they had taken place at
the end of the reporting periods. Transfers in and out of Level 3 were due to changes in the observability of inputs.

Financial Assets

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

338
338

339
339

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

9.5

9.5

Disclosures about fair values (continued)

Disclosures about fair values (continued)

Fair value information for financial instruments not measured at fair value

ACCOUNTING POLICIES

The estimated fair values and fair value hierarchy of the Group’s and the Bank’s financial instruments not measured at fair value are
presented below. Fair values of financial assets and liabilities not included in the table below approximate their carrying values.

Valuation

Carrying
value

30 Jun 24
Carrying
value

Fair value

Fair value

Level 2

Level 3

Total

Total

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

633

–

633

–

633

1,239

–

1,239

–

1,239

1,007,756

–

– 1,010,199 1,010,199

942,210

–

–

941,289

941,289

Deposits and other
public borrowings

937,857

–

471,079

466,918

937,997

882,922

–

449,140

433,710

882,850

Debt issues

170,509

–

170,801

–

170,801

144,530

–

144,740

–

144,740

Loan capital

38,973

8,121

32,185

–

40,306

35,938

9,525

27,393

–

36,918

Financial assets
Investment
securities at
amortised cost
Loans and other
receivables
Financial
liabilities

Fair value

Total

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

Total

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

This category includes assets and liabilities for which the valuation is determined by reference to unadjusted quoted prices for identical
assets or liabilities in active markets where the quoted price is readily available, and the price represents actual and regularly occurring
market transactions on an arm’s length basis. An active market is one in which transactions occur with sufficient volume and frequency to
provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.
Financial instruments included in this category are liquid government bonds, listed equities and exchange traded derivatives.

633

–

633

–

633

1,239

–

1,239

–

1,239

892,909

–

–

895,155

895,155

834,024

–

–

833,750

833,750

Valuation technique using observable inputs – Level 2
This category includes assets and liabilities that have been valued using inputs other than quoted prices as described for Level 1, but
which are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. The valuation techniques include the use of discounted cash flow
analysis, option pricing models and other market accepted valuation models.
Financial instruments included in this category are financial institution and corporate bonds, certificates of deposit, bank bills, commercial
papers, mortgage-backed securities and OTC derivatives including interest rate swaps, cross currency swaps and FX options.

Financial
liabilities
852,304

–

385,360

466,918

852,278

802,882

–

369,049

433,710

802,759

Debt issues

142,506

–

142,785

–

142,785

120,834

–

121,045

–

121,045

Loan capital

38,968

8,129

32,185

–

40,314

35,931

9,537

27,393

–

36,930

Valuation technique using significant unobservable inputs – Level 3
This category includes assets and liabilities where the valuation incorporates significant inputs that are not based on observable market
data (unobservable inputs). Unobservable inputs are those not readily available in an active market due to market illiquidity or complexity
of the product. These inputs are generally derived and extrapolated from observable inputs to match the risk profile of the financial
instrument, and are calibrated against current market assumptions, historic transactions and economic models, where available. These
inputs may include the timing and amount of future cash flows, rates of estimated credit losses, discount rates and volatility. Financial
instruments included in this category for the Group are certain exotic OTC derivatives and unlisted equity instruments.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

As at 30 June 2025, the Group held an unlisted equity investment in Klarna Group plc (Klarna) measured on a recurring basis at fair value
through other comprehensive income of $956 million (30 June 2024: $574 million). The valuation of the investment is based on a
methodology which considers revenue multiples of market listed comparable companies as well as any recent market transactions.
Comparable listed companies are included based on industry, size, development stage and/or strategy. A revenue multiple is derived for
each comparable company identified and then discounted for considerations such as illiquidity. The Group adopted an adjusted revenue
multiple of 5.3x in its valuation as at 30 June 2025 (30 June 2024: 3.9x). The effect of adjusting the revenue multiples by +/-20%,
representing a range of reasonably possible alternatives, would be to increase the fair value by up to $191 million or to decrease the fair
value by up to $191 million with all the potential effect impacting investment securities revaluation reserve.

FINANCIAL REPORT

Deposits and other
public borrowings

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Loans and other
receivables

The Group utilises various valuation techniques and applies a hierarchy for valuation inputs that maximise the use of observable market
data, if available.

Quoted prices in active markets – Level 1

30 Jun 24
Carrying
value

Financial assets
Investment
securities at
amortised cost

Fair value hierarchy

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Bank

Fair value

The fair value of over-the-counter (OTC) derivatives includes credit valuation adjustments (CVA) for derivative assets to reflect the credit
worthiness of the counterparty. Fair value of uncollateralised derivative assets and uncollateralised derivative liabilities incorporate funding
valuation adjustments (FVA) to reflect funding costs and benefits to the Group. These adjustments are applied after considering any
relevant collateral or master netting arrangements.

Under AASB 13 Fair Value Measurement all financial and non-financial assets and liabilities measured or disclosed at fair value are
categorised into one of the following three fair value hierarchy levels:

30 Jun 25
Carrying
value

Non-market quoted financial instruments are mostly valued using valuation techniques based on observable inputs except where
observable market data is unavailable. Where market data is unavailable the financial instrument is initially recognised at the transaction
price, which is generally the best indicator of fair value. This may differ from the value obtained from the valuation model. The timing of
the recognition in the Income Statement of this initial difference in fair value depends on the individual facts and circumstances of each
transaction, but is never later than when the market data becomes observable. The difference may be either amortised over the life of the
transaction, recognised when the inputs become observable or on derecognition of the instrument, as appropriate.

SUSTAINABILITY

Level 1

$M

CREATING VALUE

Total

The fair value for financial instruments traded in active markets at the reporting date is based on their quoted market price or dealer price
quotations, without any deduction for transaction costs. Assets and long positions are measured at a quoted bid price, liabilities and short
positions are measured at a quoted asking price. Where the Group has positions with offsetting market risks, mid-market prices are used
to measure the offsetting risk positions and a quoted bid or asking price adjustment is applied only to the net open position as appropriate.

OVERVIEW

Group
30 Jun 25

Fair value is the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
participants at the measurement date. On initial recognition, the transaction price generally represents the fair value of the financial
instrument, unless there is observable information from an active market that provides a more appropriate fair value.

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

340
340

341
341

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

9.5

9.7

Disclosures about fair values (continued)

Critical accounting judgements and estimates

Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities

The table below identifies amounts that have been offset on the Balance Sheet and amounts covered by enforceable netting arrangements
or similar agreements that do not qualify for set off. Cash settled derivatives that trade on an exchange are deemed to be economically
settled and therefore outside the scope of these disclosures.
Group
30 June 25

Periodically, the Group calibrates its valuation techniques and tests them for validity using prices from any observable current market
transactions in the same instruments (i.e. without modification or repackaging) and any other available observable market data.

9.6

Subject to enforceable master netting or similar agreements
Amounts offset on the
Balance Sheet

Collateral arrangements

Bank
30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

$M

$M

$M

$M

5,414

5,744

5,197

5,521

Securities and commodities

101,586

93,782

101,143

93,481

Collateral held

107,000

99,526

106,340

99,002

Collateral held which is re-pledged or sold

47,039

30,830

47,236

30,830

Cash

Net
amount

Not subject
to netting
agreements

Total
Balance
Sheet
amount

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

23,910

–

23,910

(14,884)

(4,638)

4,388

809

24,719

At amortised cost

29,878

(440)

29,438

(6,165)

(23,273)

–

–

29,438

At fair value through income
statement

61,053

(11,585)

49,468

(1,714)

(47,682)

72

–

49,468

Equity securities sold not delivered

1,377

(863)

514

–

–

514

11

525

Total financial assets

116,218

(12,888)

103,330

(22,763)

(75,593)

4,974

820

104,150

Derivative liabilities

(24,200)

–

(24,200)

14,884

4,376

(4,940)

(946)

(25,146)

Derivative assets
Securities purchased under
agreements to resell and securities
borrowed:

Securities sold under agreements to
repurchase and securities lent:
At amortised cost

(8,238)

440

(7,798)

375

7,423

–

–

(7,798)

As part of standard terms of transactions with other banks, the Group has provided collateral to secure liabilities. At balance sheet date,
the carrying value of assets pledged as collateral to secure liabilities were as follows:

At fair value through income
statement

(51,596)

11,585

(40,011)

7,504

32,507

–

–

(40,011)

Equity securities purchased not
delivered

(1,356)

863

(493)

–

–

(493)

–

(493)

Total financial liabilities

(85,390)

12,888

(72,502)

22,763

44,306

(5,433)

(946)

(73,448)

Group

Bank

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

$M

$M

$M

$M

Cash

7,418

5,385

7,757

5,054

Securities and commodities ¹

65,335

52,372

65,686

52,647

Assets pledged

72,753

57,757

73,443

57,701

Assets pledged which can be re-pledged or
re-sold by counterparty

62,305

52,372

62,656

52,647

The Group and the Bank have pledged collateral as part of entering into repurchase and derivative agreements. These transactions are
governed by standard industry agreements.

FINANCIAL REPORT

1 These balances include assets sold under repurchase agreements. The liabilities related to these repurchase agreements are disclosed in Note 4.1 and 4.2. These
balances also include the fair value of off-balance sheet securities and commodities of $38,657 million and $39,452 million for the Group and the Bank, respectively
(30 June 2024: $34,630 million for the Group and $35,794 million for the Bank).

1 For the purpose of this disclosure, the related amounts of financial instruments and financial collateral not set off on the Balance Sheet have been capped by relevant
netting agreements so as not to exceed the net amounts of financial assets/(liabilities) reported on the Balance Sheet, i.e. over collateralisation, where it exists, is not
reflected in the tables. As a result, the above collateral balances will not correspond to the tables in Note 9.6.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Assets pledged

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

30 Jun 24

Financial
instruments ¹

Financial
collateral
(received)/
pledged ¹

SUSTAINABILITY

Group
30 Jun 25

Amount
offset

Reported
on the
Balance
Sheet

Financial instruments

Gross
Balance
Sheet
amount

Amounts not offset on the
Balance Sheet

CREATING VALUE

Collateral accepted as security for assets
The Group takes collateral where it is considered necessary to support both on and off balance sheet transactions. The Group evaluates
each customer’s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral taken, if deemed necessary, is based on
management’s credit evaluation of the counterparty. The Group has the right to sell, re-pledge, or otherwise use some of the collateral
received. At balance sheet date the carrying value of cash accepted as collateral (and recognised on the Group’s and the Bank’s Balance
Sheets) and the fair value of securities and commodities accepted as collateral (but not recognised on the Group’s or the Bank’s Balance
Sheets) were as follows:

OVERVIEW

Valuation techniques are used to estimate the fair value of securities. When using valuation techniques the Group makes maximum use
of market inputs and relies as little as possible on entity specific inputs. It incorporates all factors that the Group believes market
participants would consider in setting a price and is consistent with accepted economic methodologies for pricing financial instruments.
Data inputs that the Group relies upon when valuing financial instruments relate to counterparty credit risk, volatility, correlation and
extrapolation.

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

342
342

343
343

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

9.7

9.7

Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities (continued)

Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities (continued)

Group

Bank

30 June 24

30 June 25

Derivative assets

Amount
offset

Reported
on the
Balance
Sheet

Financial
instruments ¹

Financial
collateral
(received)/
pledged ¹

$M

$M

$M

$M

17,520

–

17,520

(10,653)

Amounts offset on the
Balance Sheet

Net
amount

Not subject
to netting
agreements

Total
Balance
Sheet
amount

$M

$M

$M

$M

(4,275)

2,592

538

18,058

Securities purchased under
agreements to resell and securities
borrowed:

Financial instruments
Derivative assets

Gross
Balance
Sheet
amount

Amounts not offset on the
Balance Sheet

Amount
offset

Reported
on the
Balance
Sheet

Financial
instruments ¹

Financial
collateral
(received)/
pledged ¹

$M

$M

24,171

Net
amount

Not subject
to netting
agreements

Total
Balance
Sheet
amount

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

–

24,171

(15,351)

(4,450)

4,370

690

24,861

Securities purchased under
agreements to resell and securities
borrowed:
(3,466)

35,759

(2,787)

(32,916)

56

–

35,759

At amortised cost

29,362

(440)

28,922

(5,837)

(23,084)

1

–

28,922

At fair value through income
statement

54,424

(8,355)

46,069

(7,570)

(38,452)

47

–

46,069

At fair value through income
statement

61,126

(11,585)

49,541

(1,786)

(47,682)

73

–

49,541

Equity securities sold not delivered

1,055

(685)

370

–

–

370

7

377

Total financial assets

114,659

(12,025)

102,634

(22,974)

(75,216)

4,444

690

103,324

Total financial assets

112,224

(12,506)

99,718

(21,010)

(75,643)

3,065

545

100,263

Derivative liabilities

(28,412)

–

(28,412)

15,351

4,920

(8,141)

(876)

(29,288)

Derivative liabilities

(17,022)

–

(17,022)

10,653

3,224

(3,145)

(1,828)

(18,850)

Securities sold under agreements to
repurchase and securities lent:
At amortised cost

(7,910)

440

(7,470)

47

7,423

–

–

(7,470)

At fair value through income
statement

(52,283)

11,585

(40,698)

7,576

33,122

–

–

(40,698)

(88,605)

12,025

(76,580)

22,974

45,465

(8,141)

(876)

(77,456)

Securities sold under agreements to
repurchase and securities lent:
At amortised cost

(7,246)

3,466

(3,780)

347

3,433

–

–

(3,780)

At fair value through income
statement

(44,867)

8,355

(36,512)

10,010

26,502

–

–

(36,512)

Equity securities purchased not
delivered

(1,029)

685

(344)

–

–

(344)

(37)

(381)

Total financial liabilities

(70,164)

12,506

(57,658)

21,010

33,159

(3,489)

(1,865)

(59,523)

1 For the purpose of this disclosure, the related amounts of financial instruments and financial collateral not set off on the Balance Sheet have been capped by relevant
netting agreements so as not to exceed the net amounts of financial assets/(liabilities) reported on the Balance Sheet, i.e. over collateralisation, where it exists, is not
reflected in the tables. As a result, the above collateral balances will not correspond to the tables in Note 9.6.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

1 For the purpose of this disclosure, the related amounts of financial instruments and financial collateral not set off on the Balance Sheet have been capped by relevant
netting agreements so as not to exceed the net amounts of financial assets/(liabilities) reported on the Balance Sheet, i.e. over collateralisation, where it exists, is not
reflected in the tables. As a result, the above collateral balances will not correspond to the tables in Note 9.6.

Total financial liabilities

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

39,225

SUSTAINABILITY

At amortised cost

CREATING VALUE

Financial instruments

Gross
Balance
Sheet
amount

Subject to enforceable master netting or similar agreements

Amounts not offset on the
Balance Sheet

OVERVIEW

Subject to enforceable master netting or similar agreements
Amounts offset on the
Balance Sheet

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

FINANCIAL REPORT
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

344
344

345
345

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

9.7

10

Offsetting financial assets and financial liabilities (continued)
Bank

Derivative assets

Amount
offset

Reported
on the
Balance
Sheet

Financial
instruments ¹

Financial
collateral
(received)/
pledged ¹

$M

$M

19,262

–

Net
amount

Not subject
to netting
agreements

Total
Balance
Sheet
amount

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

19,262

(12,069)

(4,096)

3,097

535

19,797

Securities purchased under
agreements to resell and securities
borrowed:
(3,466)

35,359

(2,789)

(32,513)

57

–

35,359

At fair value through income
statement

54,523

(8,355)

46,168

(7,670)

(38,452)

46

–

46,168

Total financial assets

112,610

(11,821)

100,789

(22,528)

(75,061)

3,200

535

101,324

Derivative liabilities

(18,259)

–

(18,259)

12,069

3,013

(3,177)

(1,781)

(20,040)

At amortised cost

(7,140)

3,466

(3,674)

347

3,327

–

–

(3,674)

At fair value through income
statement

(45,248)

8,355

(36,893)

10,112

26,678

(103)

–

(36,893)

(70,647)

11,821

(58,826)

22,528

33,018

(3,280)

(1,781)

(60,607)

Securities sold under agreements to
repurchase and securities lent:

Total financial liabilities

1 For the purpose of this disclosure, the related amounts of financial instruments and financial collateral not set off on the Balance Sheet have been capped by relevant
netting agreements so as not to exceed the net amounts of financial assets/(liabilities) reported on the Balance Sheet, i.e. over collateralisation, where it exists, is not
reflected in the tables. As a result, the above collateral balances will not correspond to the tables in Note 9.6.

Related amounts not set off on the Balance Sheet

The Group operates a number of cash and equity settled share plans as detailed below.

Long Term Variable Remuneration (LTVR)
The Group’s LTVR awards to the CEO, Group Executives and CEO of ASB have been made under the Employee Equity Plan (EEP)
since the 2019 financial year award (2020 financial year for CEO ASB). LTVR focuses efforts on longer-term performance achievement,
including relative shareholder returns to support creation of sustainable long-term shareholder value.
Participants are awarded a maximum number of performance rights, which may convert into CBA shares on a one-for-one basis (or for
the 2021 to 2023 financial year awards, a cash equivalent as determined by the Board).
For awards made from the 2021 financial year to the CEO, Group Executives and CEO of ASB, the performance rights will be tested
against the following performance measures at the end of four years and the number of performance rights will be adjusted accordingly:
• 50% of the award is assessed against TSR compared to the 20 largest companies listed on the ASX (by market capitalisation) at the
beginning of the performance period, excluding resource companies and CBA (General ASX).
• 50% of the award is assessed against TSR compared to a peer group of eight financial services companies determined by the Board
(Financial Services).
Any performance rights and restricted shares that remain on foot after the performance test will be subject to a further holding period. For
the:
• 2021 to 2022 financial year awards, in two equal tranches of two and three years for the CEO, and one and two years for other
participants, and
• 2023, 2024 and 2025 financial year awards, two years for the CEO and one year for other participants.
In the 2025 financial year, the Group also granted a bespoke award of performance rights to encourage the delivery of specific business
strategies.
Refer to the Remuneration Report for further details on LTVR.
The following table provides details of outstanding awards of performance rights granted under LTVR.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

38,825

Share-based payments

SUSTAINABILITY

At amortised cost

10.1

CREATING VALUE

Financial instruments

Amounts not offset on the
Balance Sheet

OVERVIEW

The Group employs over 51,000 people across multiple jurisdictions and remunerates its employees through both fixed and variable
arrangements. This section outlines details of the share-based payment and superannuation components of employee remuneration and
provides an overview of key management personnel arrangements.

Subject to enforceable master netting or similar agreements

Gross
Balance
Sheet
amount

Employee benefits

OVERVIEW

30 June 24

Amounts offset on the
Balance Sheet

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

Derivative assets and liabilities

Repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements and security lending agreements

ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount is presented in the Balance Sheet if, and only if, there is a currently
enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts, and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle
the liability simultaneously.

Outstanding

Expense

1 July

Granted

Vested

Forfeited

30 June

($'000)

2025

521,492

117,821

–

–

639,313

9,255

2024

726,245

117,530

(298,038)

(24,245)

521,492

7,142

The weighted average fair value at the grant date was $94.75 for the ASX General TSR tranche and $87.81 for the Financial Services
TSR tranche (2024: $56.96 for the ASX General TSR tranche and $51.58 for the Financial Services TSR tranche). The fair value of the
performance rights granted during the period has been independently calculated based on specific values at grant date, using a Monte
Carlo pricing model derived from market information. The weighted average assumptions included in the valuations of the 2025 financial
year awards include a share price of $152.84, $166.72 and $164.97, a risk-free interest rate of 4.18%, 3.84% and 3.87%, a dividend yield
on the Bank’s ordinary shares of 3.00%, 2.75% and 2.78% and a volatility in the Bank share price of 20%.
The fair value at the grant date of the bespoke award subject to the strategic (non-market) measure was $166.72.

FINANCIAL REPORT

The “Financial Instruments” column identifies financial assets and liabilities that are subject to set off under netting agreements, such as
global master repurchase agreements, global master securities lending agreements and agreements settled through specific Central
Security Depositories. Under these netting agreements, all outstanding transactions with the same counterparty can be offset and closeout netting applied if an event of default or other predetermined events occur. Financial collateral typically comprises highly liquid securities
which are legally transferred and can be liquidated in the event of counterparty default.

Outstanding

Period

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

The “Financial Instruments” column identifies financial assets and liabilities that are subject to set off under netting agreements, such as
the ISDA Master Agreement. All outstanding transactions with the same counterparty can be offset and close-out netting applied if an
event of default or other predetermined events occur. Financial collateral refers to cash and non-cash collateral obtained to cover the net
exposure between counterparties by enabling the collateral to be realised in an event of default or if other predetermined events occur.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

346
346

347
347

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

10.1

10.1

Share-based payments (continued)

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

Share-based payments (continued)

EEP cash-settled equity awards

The Group’s LTAR awards to the CEO, Group Executives and CEO of ASB are made under the Employee Equity Plan (EEP), with the
first grant being made in the 2021 financial year.

EEP cash-settled equity awards are provided to certain employees based overseas to facilitate mandatory short-term variable
remuneration deferral, alignment and one-off equity awards.

The LTAR award is granted as restricted share units which are entitlements to fully paid ordinary CBA shares (or cash equivalent as
determined by the Board) with a payment equivalent to dividends paid during the restriction period made on only restricted share units
that vest, subject to service conditions and a pre-vest assessment for awards from the 2023 financial year. The restricted share unit
service period is:

The following table provides a summary of the movement in cash-settled awards during the year.

• CEO: 50% of the CEO’s LTAR award will vest after four years, and 50% after five years;
• Group Executives and the CEO ASB: 100% of the LTAR award will vest after four years.

Outstanding

Outstanding

Expense

Period

1 July

Granted

Vested

Forfeited

30 June

($'000)

2025

509,759

95,086

(149,765)

–

455,080

17,531

2024

398,590

111,169

–

–

509,759

12,163

Outstanding

Expense

1 July

Granted

Vested

Forfeited

30 June

($'000)

2025

1,347,560

738,186

(634,570)

(43,096)

1,408,080

81,102

2024

1,264,801

814,666

(660,513)

(71,394)

1,347,560

67,454

(79,737)

(4,492)

152,484

12,071

(78,341)

(11,793)

161,302

7,235

2025

161,302

75,411

2024

166,513

84,923

The weighted average fair value at grant date of the awards issued during the year was $141.38 (2024: $100.61).

Salary sacrifice arrangements
The Group facilitates the purchase of CBA shares via salary sacrifice as follows:
Type

Arrangements

Salary sacrifice

• Australian based employees and Non-Executive Directors can elect to sacrifice between $2,000 and $5,000 p.a.
of their fixed remuneration and/or annual STVR or fees (in the case of Non-Executive Directors).
• Restricted from sale for a minimum of two years and a maximum of seven years or earlier, if the employee ceases
employment with the Group (or retires from the Group in the case of Non-Executive Directors).

Non-Executive
Directors

• Non-Executive Directors can elect to apply a percentage of after-tax fees towards the acquisition of CBA shares.

Shares are purchased on market at the prevailing market price at that time and receive full dividend entitlements and voting rights. The
following table provides details of shares granted under the Employee Salary Sacrifice Share Plan and Non-Executive Director Share
Plans (voluntary fee sacrifice).

The weighted average fair value at grant date of the awards issued during the year was $138.99 (2024: $101.68).

Average purchase

Total purchase

Number of

price

consideration

Participants

shares purchased

$

($'000)

Under the ESAP eligible employees can receive up to $1,000 worth of shares each year.

2025

2,067

50,364

151.15

7,613

The number of shares a participant receives is calculated by dividing the award amount by the average price paid for CBA shares
purchased during the purchase period preceding the grant date. Shares granted are restricted from sale for the earlier of three years or
until such time as the participant ceases employment with the Group. Participants receive full dividend entitlements and voting rights
attached to ESAP shares.

2024

1,706

57,017

107.56

6,133

During the financial year ended 30 June 2025 the Board approved an award of $1,000 to each eligible employee to recognise their
contribution during the previous financial year.
The following table provides details of shares granted under the ESAP.
Total number of

Issue price

Total fair value

Allocation date

Participants

allocated per participant

shares allocated

$

($'000)

2025

20 Sep 2024

33,696

7

235,872

141.50

33,376

2024

15 Sep 2023

33,146

9

298,314

101.06

30,148

1 Period in which shares are purchased relating to performance from a prior financial year.

It is estimated that approximately $33 million of CBA shares will be awarded under the 2025 grant.

FINANCIAL REPORT

Number of shares
Period ¹

During the year four (2024: five) Non-Executive Directors applied $107,653.42 in fees (2024: $166,200.48) to purchase 711 shares (2024:
1,548 shares).

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Employee Share Acquisition Plan (ESAP)

Period

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Outstanding

Period

($'000)

Vested

Restricted Shares
The EEP facilitate mandatory short-term variable remuneration deferral, alignment and one-off equity awards. Participants are awarded
restricted shares that vest provided the participant remains in employment of the Group until vesting and are subject to risk and malus
review. The following table provides details of outstanding awards of restricted shares granted under the EEP.

Expense

30 June

Granted

SUSTAINABILITY

The weighted average fair value at grant date of the LTAR awards issued during the year was $153.58 (2024: $102.43).

Outstanding
Forfeited

1 July

CREATING VALUE

The following table provides details of outstanding awards of restricted share units granted under LTAR.

Outstanding
Period

OVERVIEW

Long-Term Alignment Remuneration (LTAR)

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

348
348

349
349

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

10.2

10.2

Retirement benefit obligations

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

Retirement benefit obligations (continued)

Defined benefit superannuation plan
Type

Form of Benefit

Australian Retirement Trust

Defined benefits 2,3

Indexed pension and lump sum

18 Dec 2024

Australian
Retirement Trust ¹

Commonwealth Bank
Group Super

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 25

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

Present value of funded obligations

(2,403)

(826)

–

(1,732)

(442)

(431)

(2,845)

(2,989)

Fair value of plan assets

2,954

1,046

–

1,907

487

472

3,441

3,425

551

220

–

175

45

41

596

436

551

220

–

175

45

41

596

436

551

220

–

175

45

41

596

436

Current service cost

(14)

(10)

(1)

(5)

(3)

(4)

(18)

(19)

Net interest income

15

6

4

23

2

2

21

31

Total included in superannuation
plan expense

1

(4)

3

18

(1)

(2)

3

12

59

71

(29)

(115)

(35)

(1)

(5)

(45)

102

(35)

3

(54)

38

4

143

(85)

1

(1)

(6)

(103)

(2)

(4)

(7)

(108)

162

35

(32)

(272)

1

(1)

131

(238)

Member contributions

3

3

1

2

–

–

4

5

Employer contributions

22

212

–

119

–

–

22

331

Employer financed benefits within
accumulation division ²

–

(194)

–

(124)

–

–

–

(318)

Note

Defined benefits and
accumulation 3

Indexed pension and lump sum

30 June 2021

Commonwealth Bank of Australia (UK) Staff
Benefits Scheme (CBA (UK) SBS)

Defined benefits and
accumulation 3

Indexed pension and lump sum

30 June 2022

Net pension assets

Total
30 Jun 24

Amounts in the Balance Sheet:
1 All defined benefit, contribution and lifetime pension members have been transferred from Commonwealth Bank Group Super to Australian Retirement Trust as at
November 2024.
2 Post transfer to ART, superannuation contributions made by the Group to meet its obligations to members of the defined contribution plan are excluded. Refer to Note
2.4 for the total superannuation expense relating to defined contribution and defined benefit superannuation plans.
3 The defined benefit formulae are generally based on final salary, or final average salary, and years of service.

Regulatory framework

Funding and contributions
Australian Retirement Trust

Commonwealth Bank Group Super
On 21 February 2023, the trustee of Group Super (Commonwealth Bank Officers Superannuation Corporation Pty Limited) announced
that it had entered into a Memorandum of Understanding to pursue a merger with the Australian Retirement Trust (ART). The merger
occurred via a split successor fund transfer in two tranches. On 4 November 2023, tranche one transfer was completed with a portion of
the defined benefit and all defined contribution members transferred to ART. On 26 October 2024, tranche two transfer to ART for lifetime
pension members was completed. As such there are no reportable balances in relation to Commonwealth Bank Group Super members
as at 30 June 2025.

CBA (UK) SBS

The amounts recognised in the
Income Statement are as follows:

The amounts recognised in the
Statement of Comprehensive Income
are as follows:
Return on plan assets
(excluding interest income)
Actuarial gain/(loss) from changes in
assumptions
Actuarial gain/(loss) due to experience
Total included in Other
Comprehensive Income

1 On 4 November 2023, tranche one transfer was completed with a portion of the defined benefit and all defined contribution members transferred to ART. All defined
benefit, contribution and lifetime pension members have been transferred from Commonwealth Bank Group Super to Australian Retirement Trust by November 2024.
2 Represents superannuation contributions made by the Group to meet its obligations to members of the defined contribution plan.

Significant assumptions
CBA (UK)
SBS

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

Discount rate %

5.6

5.6

5.7

5.1

Inflation rate %

2.3

2.7

3.2

3.4

Rate of increases in salary % ¹

3.1

3.5

n/a

n/a

Life expectancy of a 60 year old male (years)

29.5

29.4

28.0

27.9

Life expectancy of a 60 year old female (years)

31.6

31.5

30.1

30.0

The above calculations were based on the following assumptions:

1 Not provided for CBA (UK) SBS as there are no active members in the fund during the reporting period.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

30 Jun 25

FINANCIAL REPORT

Australian
Retirement Trust

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

On 17 June 2021, the trustees of CBA (UK) SBS executed a GBP426.6 million bulk annuity insurance policy. The insurance policy was
purchased using the existing assets of the plan. The transaction secured an insurance asset that fully matches the remaining pension
liabilities of the Scheme and is therefore measured at an amount that matches the scheme liabilities. The Group has no further obligation
to make payments into the Scheme but retains responsibility for the benefits provided to the Scheme members.

Net assets

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Following the completion of the two tranche transfers, the expense recognised in the current period in relation to the Group’s contribution
was $22 million. The Group agreed to make contributions of $1 million per month effective from 1 March 2025 to ensure that the defined
benefit plans in ART remains in surplus. Employer contributions paid to the plan are subject to tax at the rate of 15%.

6.2

SUSTAINABILITY

All plans operate under trust law with the assets of the plans held separately in trust. The plans are managed and administered on behalf
of the members in accordance with the terms of each trust deed and relevant legislation. The funding of the plans complies with regulations
in Australia and the UK respectively.

Assets

CREATING VALUE

Commonwealth Bank Group Super1

CBA (UK) SBS

OVERVIEW

Name of Plan

Date of Last Actuarial
Assessment of the Fund

350
350

351
351

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

10.2

10.3

Retirement benefit obligations (continued)

Sensitivity to changes in assumptions
The table below sets out the sensitivities of the present value of defined benefit obligations for Commonwealth Bank Group Super and
ART to changes in the principal actuarial assumptions:

Detailed remuneration disclosures by Key Management Personnel (KMP) are provided in the Remuneration Report of the Directors’
Report on pages 182 to 218.
Group

Key management personnel compensation

Commonwealth Bank
Group Super

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

%

%

%

%

0.25% increase in discount rate

(2.9)

(3.8)

n/a

(2.7)

0.25% increase in inflation rate

2.6

3.0

n/a

2.7

0.25% increase to the rate of increases in salary

0.2

1.0

n/a

n/a

Longevity increase of one year

4.7

1.9

n/a

6.0

CBA (UK) SBS has a low level of risk due to the insurance policy, whereby the present value of the plan liabilities is fully matched by the
fair value of the insurance asset.

Short-term benefits ¹
Post-employment benefits

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

$'000

$'000

$'000

$'000

23,532

21,835

21,990

20,281

470

476

425

433

440

373

570

334

Share-based payments

24,407

21,051

22,711

19,285

Total

48,849

43,735

45,696

40,333

Long-term benefits

1 Short-term benefits include termination benefits of $308,861 (30 June 2024: $611,301).

Security holdings
Details of the aggregate security holdings of KMP are set out below.
Previous

The average duration of defined benefit obligation at 30 June is as follows:
CBA (UK)
SBS

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 24

Years

Years

Years

Years

Years

10.9

13.0

10.9

10.9

13.0

Non-Executive Directors
Executives

The pension plans expose the Group to longevity risk, currency risk, interest rate risk, inflation risk and market risk. The trustees perform
Asset-Liability Matching (ALM) exercises to ensure the plan assets are well matched to the nature and maturities of the defined benefit
obligations.
Inflation and interest rate risks are partly mitigated by investing in long dated fixed interest securities which better match the average
duration of liabilities and entering into inflation and interest rate swaps.

30 Jun 25 ⁴

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 24

Fair value
$M

% of plan
asset

Fair value
$M

% of plan
asset

Cash

27

0.9

21

2.0

42

2.2

Equities – Australian ¹

319

10.8

251

24.0

4

0.2

Equities – Overseas ¹

328

11.1

314

30.0

–

–

1,128

38.2

13

1.2

742

38.9

Bonds – Semi-Government ¹

611

20.7

8

0.8

621

32.5

Bonds – Corporate and other ¹

207

7.0

172

16.5

396

20.8

Real Estate and Infrastructure ²

254

8.6

199

19.0

–

–

Other ³

80

2.7

68

6.5

102

5.4

2,954

100.0

1,046

100.0

1,907

100.0

Asset allocations

Bonds – Commonwealth Government ¹

Total fair value of plan assets
1 Values based on prices or yields quoted in an active market.
2 This includes listed and unlisted property and infrastructure investments.

3 These are alternative investments which are not included in the traditional asset classes of equities, fixed interest securities, real estate and cash. They include multiasset investments, liquid alternative investments and hedge funds.
4 All assets have been allocated to ART as at November 2024.

The Australian equities fair value includes $35.2 million (30 June 2024: $21.4 million) of Commonwealth Bank shares. The real estate fair
value includes $1.0 million (30 June 2024: $1.7 million) of property assets leased to the Bank. Corporate and other bonds at 30 June 2025
includes $3.0m of Commonwealth Bank debt securities (30 June 2024: $7.9m).

Balance

1 July 24 ²

remuneration

vested ³

other ⁴

30 June 25 ⁵

Ordinary ⁶

30,825

1,116

–

(592)

31,349

PERLS

1,804

–

–

–

1,804

Ordinary

279,038

–

139,423

(206,851)

211,610

Deferred STVR shares

70,300

32,660

(46,180)

(5,599)

51,181

LTAR restricted share units ⁷

352,850

70,030

(92,553)

(34,773)

295,554

LTVR performance rights ⁷

356,242

79,254

–

(61,586)

373,910

Deferred one-off shares

2,761

–

(690)

–

2,071

–

9,681

–

–

9,681

PERLS

1 Deferred STVR shares represent the STVR previously awarded under executive arrangements in prior years. LTVR performance rights (PRs) and one-off PRs are
subject to performance hurdles. LTAR restricted share units (RSUs) granted from the 2023 financial year are subject to a pre-vest assessment. One-off deferred
shares include one-off awards received as deferred shares. CBA PERLS include cumulative holdings of all PERLS securities issued by CBA.
2 Comparative information has been restated to reflect prior period adjustments.
3 LTVR PRs, LTAR RSUs, deferred STVR shares, one-off deferred shares and one-off PRs become ordinary shares (as applicable) or are cash settled upon vesting.
4 Net change other incorporates changes resulting from purchases, sales, forfeitures and other transfers of securities, including changes to the KMP population during
the year.
5 30 June 2025 balances represent aggregate shareholdings of all KMP at balance date. This does not include KMP who ceased during the 2025 financial year.
6 Non-Executive Directors are required to hold CBA shares equivalent to 100% of Board Chair fees for the Chair and 100% of Board member fees for Non-Executive
Directors. This is to be accumulated over five years commencing on the later of 1 July 2019 or the date of appointment, valued with reference to the prevailing CBA
share price at the relevant accumulation commencement date.
7 Includes additional RSUs and PRs granted as a result of FR increases awarded during the 2025 financial year.

Loans to KMP
All loans to KMP (including close family members or entities controlled, jointly controlled, or significantly influenced by them, or any entity
over which any of those family members or entities held significant voting power) have been made in the ordinary course of business on
normal commercial terms and conditions no more favourable than those given to other employees and customers, including the term of
the loan, security required and the interest rate (which may be fixed or variable). There has been no write down of loans during the period.
Details of aggregate loans to KMP are set out below:
30 Jun 25

Loans
Interest charged
1 Comparative information has been restated to reflect prior period adjustments.

30 Jun 24 ¹

$'000

$'000

21,953

17,703

808

473

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

% of plan
asset

change

FINANCIAL REPORT

Fair value
$M

awards

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Commonwealth Bank
Group Super

Australian Retirement Trust

Net

Granted as

Equity Class ¹

Risk management

The allocation of assets backing the defined benefit portion of the Commonwealth Bank Group Super and ART are as follows:

years

Balance

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Average duration at balance date

CBA (UK)
SBS

Australian Commonwealth
Retirement
Bank
Trust
Group Super

Acquired/

SUSTAINABILITY

Average duration
Australian
Retirement
Trust

Bank

30 Jun 25

CREATING VALUE

30 Jun 25

Impact of change in assumptions on liabilities increase/(decrease)

Key management personnel

OVERVIEW

Australian
Retirement Trust

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

352
352

353
353

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

10.3

11

Key management personnel (continued)

Other transactions of KMP
Financial instrument transactions
Financial instrument transactions (other than loans and shares disclosed within this report) of KMP occur in the ordinary course of business
on normal commercial terms and conditions no more favourable than those given to other employees and customers.

All such financial instrument transactions that have occurred between entities within the Group and their KMP have been trivial or domestic
in nature and were in the nature of normal personal banking and deposit transactions.

Services agreements
The maximum contingent liability for termination benefits in respect of service agreements with the Chief Executive Officer and other KMP
at 30 June 2025 was $1,345,358 (30 June 2024: $1,275,364).

OVERVIEW
The Group structure includes the Bank legal entity and its interests in operating and special purpose subsidiaries, joint ventures and
associates. These entities were either acquired or established and their classification is driven by the Bank’s level of control or influence.
The operating activities of these entities include banking, funds management, specialised customer financing and asset backed financing
across multiple jurisdictions.

11.1

Investments in subsidiaries and other entities

Subsidiaries

CREATING VALUE

Transactions other than financial instrument transactions of banks
All other transactions with KMP and their related entities and other related parties are conducted on an arm’s length basis in the normal
course of business and on commercial terms and conditions. These transactions principally involve the provision of financial and
investment services by entities not controlled by the Group.

Group structure

OVERVIEW

Disclosure of financial instrument transactions regularly made as part of normal banking operations is limited to disclosure of such
transactions with KMP and entities controlled or significantly influenced by them.

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

The key subsidiaries of the Bank are:
Entity Name

Entity Name

Australia
Commonwealth Securities Limited

Medallion Trust Series 2017-2

Medallion Trust Series 2008-1R

Medallion Trust Series 2018-1

Medallion Trust Series 2015-1

Medallion Trust Series 2018-1P

Medallion Trust Series 2015-2

Medallion Trust Series 2019-1

Medallion Trust Series 2016-1

Medallion Trust Series 2023-1

Medallion Trust Series 2016-2

Medallion Trust Series 2023-2

Medallion Trust Series 2017-1

Residential Mortgage Group Pty Ltd

All the above subsidiaries are 100% owned and incorporated in Australia.

Entity Name

Incorporated in

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Medallion Trust Series 2017-1P
SUSTAINABILITY

CBA Covered Bond Trust

New Zealand and other overseas
New Zealand

ASB Covered Bond Trust

New Zealand

ASB Holdings Limited

New Zealand

ASB Term Fund

New Zealand

Medallion NZ Series Trust 2009-1R

New Zealand

Commonwealth Bank of Australia (Europe) N.V.

FINANCIAL REPORT

All the above subsidiaries are 100% owned.

The Netherlands

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

ASB Bank Limited

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

354
354

355
355

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

11.1

11.1

Investments in subsidiaries and other entities (continued)

Investments in subsidiaries and other entities (continued)

Critical accounting judgements and estimates

Unconsolidated structured entities

Control and voting rights

The Group has exposure to various securitisation vehicles via Residential Mortgage-backed Securities (RMBS) and Asset-backed
Securities (ABS). The Group may also provide derivatives and other commitments to these vehicles. The Group also has exposure to
investment funds and other financing vehicles.

Agent or principal

Significant restrictions
There were no significant restrictions on the ability to transfer cash or other assets, pay dividends or other capital distributions, provide or
repay loans and advances between the entities within the Group. There were also no significant restrictions on the Group's ability to
access or use the assets and settle the liabilities of the Group resulting from protective rights of non-controlling interests.
There were no significant restrictions on the ability of associates or joint ventures to transfer funds to the Bank or its subsidiaries in the
form of cash dividends or to repay loans or advances made.

Structured entities

Consolidated structured entities
The Group has the following contractual arrangements which require it to provide financial support to its structured entities.

The Group has no contractual obligations to purchase assets from its securitisation structured entities.

Structured asset finance structured entities
The Group has no contractual obligation to provide financial support to any of its structured asset finance structured entities.
During the year ended 30 June 2025, the Bank entered into a debt forgiveness arrangement with four wholly owned structured entities for
a total of $62 million (30 June 2024: nil). The financial impact of the debt forgiveness was fully eliminated on consolidation.

FINANCIAL REPORT

Covered bonds trust
The Group provides funding and support facilities to CBA Covered Bond Trust and ASB Covered Bond Trust (the ‘Trusts’). The Trusts are
bankruptcy remote SPVs that guarantee any debt obligations owing under the US$40 billion CBA Covered Bond Programme and the
EUR7 billion ASB Covered Bond Programme, respectively. The funding facilities allow the Trusts to hold sufficient residential mortgage
loans to support the guarantees provided to the Covered Bonds. The Group also provides various swaps to the Trusts to hedge any
interest rate and currency mismatches. The Group, either directly or via its wholly owned subsidiaries, Securitisation Advisory Services
Pty Limited and Securitisation Management Services Limited, provides various services to the Trusts including servicing and monitoring
of the residential mortgages.

The nature and extent of the Group’s interests in these entities are summarised below. Interests do not include derivatives and other
positions where the Group creates rather than absorbs variability of the structured entity, for example deposits the funds place with the
Group. These have been excluded from the tables on pages 356 to 357.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Securitisation structured entities
The Group provides liquidity facilities to Medallion and Medallion NZ structured entities. The liquidity facilities can only be drawn to cover
cash flow shortages relating to mismatches in timing of cash inflows due from securitised asset pools and cash outflows due to note
holders. These “timing mismatch” facilities rank pari passu with other senior secured creditors. The facilities limit is $754 million
(30 June 2024: $1,473 million). This includes $520 million (30 June 2024: $1,225 million) in relation to the structured entity where the
Bank holds all of the issued instruments and $669 million (30 June 2024: $1,371 million) where the Group holds all of the issued
instruments.

Investment funds
The Group conducts investment management and other fiduciary activities as responsible entity, trustee, custodian, adviser or manager
for investment funds and trusts, including superannuation and approved deposit funds, wholesale and retail trusts. The Group’s exposure
to investment funds includes holding units in the investment funds and trusts, providing lending facilities, derivatives and receiving fees
for services.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

A structured entity is an entity in which voting or similar rights are not the dominant factor in deciding control. Structured entities are
generally created to achieve a narrow and well-defined objective with restrictions around their ongoing activities. Depending on the Group’s
power over the activities of the entity and its exposure to and ability to influence its own returns, it may consolidate the entity. In other
cases, it may sponsor or have exposure to such an entity but not consolidate it.

Other financing
Asset-backed entities are used to provide tailored lending for the purchase or lease of assets transferred by the Group or its clients. The
assets are normally pledged as collateral to the lenders. The Group engages in raising finance for assets such as aircraft, trains, vessels
and other infrastructure. The Group may also provide lending, derivatives, liquidity and commitments to these entities.

SUSTAINABILITY

Associates and joint ventures

The Group may trade or invest in RMBS and ABS, which are backed by Commercial Properties, Consumer Receivables, Equipment and
Auto Finance. The Group may also provide lending, derivatives, liquidity and commitments to these securitisation entities.

CREATING VALUE

The Group is deemed to have power over an investment fund when it holds either the responsible entity (RE) and/or the manager function
of that fund. Whether that power translates to control depends on whether the Group is deemed to act as an agent or a principal of that
fund. Management have determined that the Group acts as a principal and controls a fund when it cannot be easily removed as a manager
or RE by investors and when its economic interest in that fund is substantial compared to the economic interest of other investors. In all
other cases the Group acts as an agent and does not control the fund.

Securitisations
Securitisations involve transferring assets into an entity that sells beneficial interests to investors through the issue of debt and equity
notes with varying levels of subordination. The notes are collateralised by the assets transferred to these vehicles and pay a return based
on the returns of those assets, with residual returns paid to the most subordinated investor.

OVERVIEW

Determining whether the Group has control is generally straightforward based on ownership of the majority of the voting rights. Holding
more than 50% of an entity’s voting rights typically indicates that the Group has control over the entity. Significant judgement is involved
where either the Group is deemed to control an entity despite holding less than 50% of the voting rights, or where the Group does not
control an entity despite holding more than 50% of the voting rights.

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

356
356

357
357

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

11.1

11.1

Investments in subsidiaries and other entities (continued)

Investments in subsidiaries and other entities (continued)

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

Other
financing

Investment
funds

Total

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

Investment securities

3,280

245

–

–

Loans and other receivables

9,377

4,816

4,205

Total on Balance Sheet exposures

12,657

5,061

4,205

Total notional amounts of off Balance Sheet exposures ¹

5,766

1,070

Total maximum exposure to loss

18,423

6,131

Total assets of the entities ²

59,825

19,778

9,649

Ranking and credit rating of exposures to
unconsolidated structured entities

RMBS
$M

ABS
$M

Other
financing
$M

Total
$M

3,525

Senior ¹

15,475

4,016

4,656

24,147

6,048

24,446

Mezzanine ²

20

–

–

20

6,048

27,971

Total maximum exposure to loss

15,495

4,016

4,656

24,167

547

7,911

15,294

4,752

13,959

43,265

35,868

125,120

1 Relates to undrawn facilities.
2 Size of the entities is generally the total assets of the entities, except for Real Estate Investment Trusts where the size is based on the Group’s credit exposure of
$13,942 million.

1 All ABS and RMBS exposures and $3,397 million of other financing exposures are rated investment grade. $1,259 million of other financing exposures are sub
investment grade.
2 All RMBS exposures are rated investment grade.

Sponsored unconsolidated structured entities
For the purposes of this disclosure, the Group sponsors an entity when it manages or advises the entity’s program, places securities into
the market on behalf of the entity, provides liquidity and/or credit enhancements to the entity, or the Group’s name appears in the
Structured Entity.

ACCOUNTING POLICIES

ABS

Other
financing

Investment
funds

Total

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

3,177

157

–

–

3,334

The consolidated financial report comprises the financial report of the Bank and its subsidiaries. Subsidiaries are entities (including
structured entities) over which the Bank has control. The Bank controls an entity when it has:

Loans and other receivables

8,132

2,665

3,398

4,088

18,283

• power over the relevant activities of the entity, for example through voting or other rights;

Total on Balance Sheet exposures

11,309

2,822

3,398

4,088

21,617

Total notional amounts of off Balance Sheet exposures ¹

4,186

1,194

1,258

5,852

12,490

Total maximum exposure to loss

15,495

4,016

4,656

9,940

34,107

Total assets of the entities ²

50,629

13,999

9,647

29,300

103,575

Exposures to unconsolidated structured entities
Investment securities

1 Relates to undrawn facilities.
2 Size of the entities is generally the total assets of the entities, except for Real Estate Investment Trusts where the size is based on the Group’s credit exposure of
$9,924 million.

• exposure, or rights, to variable returns from the Bank’s involvement with the entity; and
• the ability to use its power over the entity to affect the Bank’s returns from the entity.

Consolidation
The Group exercises judgement at inception and periodically thereafter, to assess whether a structured entity should be consolidated
based on the Bank’s power over the relevant activities of the entity and the significance of its exposure to variable returns of the structured
entity. Such assessments are predominately required for the Group’s securitisation program, structured transactions and involvement with
investment funds.
Transactions between subsidiaries in the Group are eliminated. Non-controlling interests and the related share of profits in subsidiaries
are shown separately in the consolidated Income Statement, Statement of Comprehensive Income, and Balance Sheet. Subsidiaries are
consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group and de-consolidated when control ceases. Subsidiaries are
accounted for at cost less accumulated impairments at the Bank level.

Business combinations
30 Jun 25
RMBS
$M

ABS
$M

Senior ¹

18,413

6,131

4,752

29,296

10

–

–

10

18,423

6,131

4,752

29,306

Mezzanine ²
Total maximum exposure to loss

Total
$M

1 All ABS and RMBS exposures and $3,466 million of other financing exposures are rated investment grade. $1,286 million of other financing exposures are
sub-investment grade.
2 All RMBS exposures are rated investment grade.

Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. At the acquisition date, the cost of the business is the fair value
of the purchase consideration, measured as the aggregate of the fair values of assets transferred, equity instruments issued, or liabilities
incurred or assumed at the date of exchange.
Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are measured at fair value on the
acquisition date. Goodwill represents the excess of the fair value of the purchase consideration over the fair value of the Group’s share of
assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed on the date of acquisition. If there is a deficit instead, the discount on
acquisition is recognised directly in the consolidated Income Statement, but only after a reassessment of the identification and
measurement of the net assets acquired.

Investments in associates and joint ventures
Associates and joint ventures are entities over which the Group has significant influence or joint control, but not control. In the consolidated
financial report, they are accounted for under the equity method. They are initially recorded at cost and adjusted for the Group’s share of
the associates’ and joint ventures’ post-acquisition profits or losses and other comprehensive income, less any dividends received. At the
Bank level, they are accounted for at cost less accumulated impairments.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

The Group assesses at each balance sheet date, whether there is any objective evidence of impairment. If there is an indication that an
investment may be impaired, then the entire carrying amount of the investment in associate or joint venture is tested for impairment by
comparing the recoverable amount (higher of value in use and fair value less disposal costs) with the carrying amount. The subsequent
reversal of impairment losses is recognised in the Income Statement if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the
recoverable amount since the impairment loss was recognised.

FINANCIAL REPORT

Ranking and credit rating of exposures to
unconsolidated structured entities

Other
financing
$M

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

The Group’s exposure to loss depends on the level of subordination of the interest, which indicates the extent to which other parties are
obliged to absorb credit losses before the Group. An overview of the Group’s interests, relative ranking and external credit rating, for
vehicles that have credit subordination in place, is summarised in the table below, and includes securitisation vehicles and other financing.

Subsidiaries

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

RMBS

SUSTAINABILITY

As at 30 June 2025, the Group has not sponsored any unconsolidated structured entities.

30 Jun 24

CREATING VALUE

ABS

OVERVIEW

RMBS

Exposures to unconsolidated structured entities

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

358
358

359
359

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

11.2

11.3

Related party disclosures

Banking transactions are entered into with related parties in the normal course of business on an arm’s length basis. These include loans,
deposits and foreign currency transactions, upon which some fees and commissions may be earned. Details of amounts paid or received
from related parties, in the form of interest or dividends, are set out in Notes 2.1 and 2.3. Detailed remuneration of and transactions with
Key Management Personnel are provided in the Remuneration Report of the Directors’ Report and Note 10.3

The Group completed the following business divestments during the years ended 30 June 2025 and 30 June 2024:

Bank of Hangzhou
On 24 January 2025, the Group announced that it entered into a binding agreement to sell its remaining 5.45% shareholding in Bank of
Hangzhou (HZB) to New China Life Insurance Co., Ltd (NCI), a Beijing headquartered life insurance company dual listed on the Shanghai
Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. The completion of the sale was announced on 10 June 2025, resulting in a total
post-tax loss of $156 million.

Vietnam International Commercial Joint Stock Bank

Bank
$M

8,281

8,093

Loans to controlled entities at amortised cost

59,154

49,224

PT Bank Commonwealth

32

911

67,467

58,228

Loans to controlled entities at fair value through Income Statement
Total shares in and loans to controlled entities

30 June 24

One of the Bank’s subsidiaries issued a professional indemnity insurance policy to the Group’s controlled entities holding an Australian
Financial Services or Australian Credit licence. The total amount insured under this policy as at 30 June 2025 was up to $74 million (30
June 2024: $99 million). The subsidiary also issues a comprehensive crime and professional indemnity insurance policy to the Group.
The total amount insured under this policy as at 30 June 2025 was up to $50 million (30 June 2024: $100 million).

As at 30 June 2025, the Bank has an indemnity deed in place with Count Financial and Count Limited (previously known as CountPlus)
with a $520 million limit (30 June 2024: $520 million), to cover potential remediation of ongoing service failures to customers, inappropriate
advice and other matters. The Group and the Bank have provided for these costs.
The Bank is the head entity of the tax consolidated group and has entered into tax funding and tax sharing agreements with its eligible
Australian resident subsidiaries. The details of these agreements are set out in Note 2.5. The amount receivable by the Bank under the
tax funding agreement with the tax consolidated entities is $93 million as at 30 June 2025 (30 June 2024: $93 million). This balance is
included in ‘Other assets’ in the Bank’s separate Balance Sheet.

ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Parties are considered to be related if one party has the ability to control the other party or exercise significant influence over the other
party in making financial or operational decisions, or a separate party controls both. The definition includes subsidiaries, associates, joint
ventures, pension plans as well as Key Management Personnel and their related parties.

As at 30 June 2024 the Group held certain structured asset finance leases and properties amounting to $870 million which were classified
as held for sale. The Group completed the sales of these assets during the year ended 30 June 2025.

ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Non-current assets (including disposal groups) are classified as held for sale if they will be recovered primarily through sale rather than
through continuing use. Non-current assets which are to be abandoned, or businesses which are to be closed, are not classified as held
for sale, since the carrying amount will be recovered principally through continuing use. A discontinued operation is a component of an
entity that has been sold, or classified as held for sale, and represents a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations,
is part of a single coordinated plan to dispose of a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations, or is a subsidiary
acquired exclusively with a view to resale.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

All transactions between Group entities are eliminated on consolidation.

Balance Sheet

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

As at 30 June 2025, the Bank had reimbursement arrangements in place totalling $12.5 million (30 June 2024: $16 million), for Aligned
Advice remediation with its subsidiaries Financial Wisdom Limited, and Commonwealth Financial Planning Limited including the Pathways
business (CFP-Pathways), to cover potential remediation of inappropriate advice and other matters. The Group and the Bank have
provided for these costs.

PTBC did not represent a separate major line of the Group’s business and was not classified as a discontinued operation.

SUSTAINABILITY

As at 30 June 2025, loans to controlled entities at amortised cost in the table above are presented net of $10 million provisions for
impairment (30 June 2024: $9 million).

On 16 November 2023, the Group announced that it entered into a binding agreement to sell its 99% shareholding in its Indonesian
banking subsidiary, PT Bank Commonwealth (PTBC), to PT Bank OCBC NISP Tbk (OCBC Indonesia), a subsidiary of Oversea-Chinese
Banking Corporation Limited (OCBC) for an upfront cash consideration of $188 million. The sale completed on 1 May 2024, resulting in a
total post-tax loss of $298 million. The loss includes a $133 million impairment loss on remeasurement of PTBC’s net assets to fair value,
an additional $100 million loss recognised upon the completion of the sale, and $65 million of separation costs.

CREATING VALUE

$M

Shares in controlled entities

On 5 March 2025, the Group announced that it completed the sale of its remaining 4.4% shareholding in Vietnam International Commercial
Joint Stock Bank via the Ho Chi Minh Stock Exchange. The Group recognised a post-tax gain of $39 million on the sale of its investment,
including a post-tax gain of $43 million on the partial sale and reclassification of the holding from an investment in associate to an
investment measured at fair value through other comprehensive income.

30 June 25

OVERVIEW

The Bank’s aggregate investments in, and loans to controlled entities are disclosed in the table below. Amounts due to controlled entities
are disclosed in the Balance Sheet of the Bank.

Business divestments and assets held for sale

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

FINANCIAL REPORT
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

360
360

361
361

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

12

12.1

Other

ACCOUNTING POLICIES

OVERVIEW

Contingent liabilities, contingent assets and commitments arising from the banking
business

Group ¹

Bank ¹

• Commitments to provide credit include obligations on the part of the Group to provide credit facilities against which clients can borrow
money under defined terms and conditions. Such loan commitments are made either for a fixed period, or are cancellable by the Group
subject to notice conditions. As facilities may expire without being drawn upon, the notional amounts do not necessarily reflect future
cash requirements. Loan commitments must be measured with reference to expected credit losses required to be recognised. In the
case of undrawn loan commitments, the inherent credit risk is managed and monitored by the Group together with the drawn component
as a single credit exposure. The exposure at default on the entire facility is used to calculate the cumulative expected credit losses;
• Performance related contingencies are undertakings that oblige the Group to pay third parties should a customer fail to fulfil a
contractual non-monetary obligation; and

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

$M

$M

$M

$M

Commitments to provide credit

207,278

182,610

190,082

167,975

Performance related contingencies

15,993

13,650

15,993

13,650

The details of the Group’s accounting policies and critical judgements and estimates involved in calculating impairment provisions are
provided in Note 3.2.

Financial guarantees and other off-balance sheet instruments

6,803

6,980

6,012

6,326

Other contingent liabilities

230,074

203,240

212,087

187,951

Credit risk related instruments

Total credit risk related instruments

The Group is subject to the rules governing clearing and settlement activities under which loss sharing arrangements may arise. This
includes the requirements of central clearing houses where the Group has made contributions to a default fund. In the event of a default
of another clearing member, the Group could be required to make additional default fund contributions.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

1 Comparative information has been restated to conform to the presentation in the current year.

Clearing and settlement obligations

SUSTAINABILITY

• Financial guarantees are unconditional undertakings given to support the obligations of a customer to third parties. They include
documentary letters of credit which are undertakings by the Group to pay or accept drafts drawn by a supplier of goods against
presentation of documents in the event of payment default by a customer. Financial guarantees are recognised within other liabilities
and are initially measured at their fair value, equal to the premium received. Subsequent to initial recognition, the Group’s liability under
each guarantee is measured at the higher of the amount initially recognised less cumulative amortisation recognised in the Income
Statement and the expected credit losses. Any increase in the liability relating to financial guarantees is recorded in the Income
Statement. The premium received is recognised in the Income Statement in other operating income on a straight-line basis over the life
of the guarantee.

CREATING VALUE

Details of contingent liabilities and off-balance sheet instruments are presented below and in Note 7.1, in relation to litigation, investigations
and reviews. The amount represents the maximum amount that could be lost if the counterparty fails to meet its financial obligations. The
credit commitments shown in the table below also constitute contingent assets. These commitments would be classified as loans and
other assets in the Balance Sheet should they be drawn upon by the customer.

The types of instruments included in this category are:
OVERVIEW

This section includes other information required to provide a more complete view of our business. It includes customer related
commitments and contingencies that arise in the ordinary course of business. In addition, it covers notes to the Statement of Cash Flows,
remuneration of auditors, and details of events that have taken place subsequent to the balance sheet date.

12.1

Contingent liabilities, contingent assets and commitments arising from the banking
business (continued)

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

DIRECTORS’ REPORT
FINANCIAL REPORT
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

362
362

363
363

For the year ended 30 June 2025

For the year ended 30 June 2025

12.2

12.3

Notes to the Statements of Cash Flows

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

Remuneration of auditors

During the financial year, the following fees were paid or payable for services provided by the auditor of the Group and the Bank, and its
network firms:

(a) Reconciliation of net profit after income tax to net cash provided by operating activities
Group

Bank

Group

Bank

30 Jun 23

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

10,116

9,394

9,998

10,692

8,613

$'000

$'000

$'000

$'000

Decrease/(increase) in interest receivable

17

(645)

(1,795)

(165)

(712)

(Decrease)/increase in interest payable

(596)

1,846

3,876

(294)

1,689

Audit and review of financial statements – Group

25,688

23,155

25,688

23,155

Audit and review of financial statements – Controlled entities

6,215

7,617

673

1,293

31,903

30,772

26,361

24,448

Net loss/(gain) on sale of controlled entities and associates

–

221

(291)

–

366

Net loss on sale of property, plant and equipment

–

2

4

1

4

Audit and review services

Total remuneration for audit and review services

Equity accounting profit

90

95

19

(209)

140

Other statutory assurance services

4,636

4,740

4,453

4,512

Loan impairment expense

726

802

1,108

674

715

Other assurance services

9,690

9,215

8,863

7,686

1,110

1,210

1,232

Total remuneration for assurance services

14,326

13,955

13,316

12,198

(157)

(708)

(86)

(179)

Total remuneration for audit, review and assurance services

46,229

44,727

39,677

36,646

Increase/(decrease) in income taxes payable

274

(178)

400

160

(186)

(50)

24

(17)

(54)

Other non-audit services

(Decrease)/increase in deferred tax liabilities

23

144

56

144

42

(Increase)/decrease in deferred tax assets

(85)

15

(627)

(34)

197

(Increase)/decrease in accrued fees/reimbursements
receivable

(36)

23

(143)

(53)

28

Total remuneration for other non-audit services

Increase in accrued fees and other items payable

451

248

549

431

220

Total remuneration for audit, review, assurance and other services ¹

Cash flow hedge ineffectiveness

(6)

8

(8)

(8)

3

Fair value hedge ineffectiveness

(1)

25

7

(60)

10

Dividend received – controlled entities and associates

–

–

–

(1,889)

(1,072)

Changes in operating assets and liabilities arising from
cash flow movements

(12,302)

(38,500)

(21,601)

(7,907)

(38,669)

Other

(765)

(286)

(271)

(690)

(234)

Net cash (used in)/provided by operating activities

(825)

(25,623)

(8,390)

1,719

(27,812)

Taxation advice and tax compliance services
Other services

154

147

100

–

298

203

244

42

46,527

44,930

39,921

36,688

1 An additional amount of $1,025,593 (30 June 2024: $2,309,242) was paid to PricewaterhouseCoopers by way of fees for entities not consolidated into the financial
statements. Of this amount, $824,224 (30 June 2024: $1,593,790) relates to audit, review and assurance services.

The Audit Committee has considered the non-audit services provided by PricewaterhouseCoopers and is satisfied that the services and
the level of fees are compatible with maintaining auditors’ independence. All such services were approved by the Audit Committee in
accordance with pre-approved policies and procedures.
Other statutory assurance services relate to engagements required under prudential standards and other legislative or regulatory
requirements. Other assurance services include assurance and attestation relating to Pillar 3, climate and sustainability reporting, comfort
letters over financing programmes as well as agreed upon procedures.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

1,440

(51)

SUSTAINABILITY

1,393

Decrease in other provisions

Depreciation and amortisation (including asset write downs)

CREATING VALUE

30 Jun 24

OVERVIEW

30 Jun 25

Net profit after income tax

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

Taxation services include assistance with tax return submissions and advice on tax legislation.
Other services include training and benchmarking activities.

For the purposes of the Statements of Cash Flows, cash and cash equivalents include cash and money at short call.
Group

Bank

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 23

30 Jun 25

$M

$M

$M

$M

30 Jun 24
$M

Notes, coins and cash at banks

54,381

47,321

107,172

49,620

42,896

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year

54,381

47,321

107,172

49,620

42,896

(c) Disposal of controlled entities
Group
30 Jun 24

30 Jun 23

$M

$M

$M

Net assets

–

401

333

Cash consideration received

–

188

567

Cash and cash equivalents held in disposed entities

–

65

–

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

30 Jun 25

FINANCIAL REPORT

30 Jun 25

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

(b) Reconciliation of cash

365
365

364
364

12.4

Subsequent events

Consolidated entity disclosure statement
The table below includes consolidated entity information required by section 295 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth):
Tax residency

The Directors have determined a fully franked final dividend of 260 cents per share amounting to $4,351 million.

Share buy-back

Australia

N/A

On 13 August 2025, the Bank announced a 12-month extension of the on-market share buy-back of up to $1 billion of CBA ordinary
shares originally announced on 9 August 2023 (of which $282 million was completed during the year ended 30 June 2024 and $18 million
was completed during the year ended 30 June 2025). The Bank reserves the right to vary, suspend or terminate the buy-back at any time.

Aircraft MSN 37129 (Australia) Trust

Trust

N/A

N/A

Australia

N/A

ASB Bank Limited

Body Corporate New Zealand

100.00

Foreign

New Zealand

ASB Cash Fund

Trust

N/A

N/A

Foreign

New Zealand

ASB Covered Bond Trust

Trust

N/A

N/A

Foreign

New Zealand

ASB Group Investments Limited

Body Corporate New Zealand

100.00

Foreign

New Zealand

ASB Holdings Limited

Body Corporate New Zealand

100.00

Foreign

New Zealand

ASB Management Services Limited

Body Corporate New Zealand

100.00

Foreign

New Zealand

ASB Nominees Limited

Body Corporate New Zealand

100.00

Foreign

New Zealand

ASB Securities Limited

Body Corporate New Zealand

100.00

Foreign

New Zealand

ASB Term Fund

Trust

N/A

Foreign

New Zealand

Asklepios Pty Limited ¹

Body Corporate Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

BW Financial Advice Pty Limited ¹

Body Corporate Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

BWA Group Services Pty Ltd

Body Corporate Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

BWA Intellectual Property Holdings Pty Limited ¹

Body Corporate Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

Capital 121 Pty Limited ¹

Body Corporate Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

CBA A320 6749 Pty Limited

Body Corporate Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

CBA A320 Aircraft No1 Pty Ltd

Body Corporate Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

CBA A330 1561 Pty Ltd

Body Corporate Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

CBA Aircraft Leasing 2 Pty Ltd

Body Corporate Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

CBA B377 37091 Pty Ltd

Body Corporate Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

CBA B738 39822 Pty Limited

Body Corporate Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

CBA B773 60333 Pty Ltd

Body Corporate Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

CBA Captive Insurance Pte. Ltd.

Body Corporate Singapore

100.00

Foreign

Singapore

CBA Corporate Services (NSW) Pty Limited

Body Corporate Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

CBA Corporate Services (VIC) Pty Limited

Body Corporate Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

CBA Covered Bond Trust

Trust

N/A

Australia

N/A

CBA ES Business Services Pty Ltd

Body Corporate Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

CBA Europe Limited

Body Corporate United Kingdom

100.00

Foreign

United Kingdom

CBA Funding (NZ) Limited

Body Corporate New Zealand

100.00

Foreign

New Zealand

CBA Group Pty Limited

Body Corporate Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

CBA Investments (No 4) Limited

Body Corporate New Zealand

100.00

Foreign

New Zealand

CBA New Digital Businesses Pty Ltd

Body Corporate Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

CBA Registered Agent Pty Ltd

Body Corporate Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

CBA SAF Holding Pty Limited

Body Corporate Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

CBA SAF UK Limited

Body Corporate United Kingdom

100.00

Foreign

United Kingdom

CBA Services International Limited

Body Corporate United Kingdom

100.00

Foreign

United Kingdom

CBA Services Private Limited

Body Corporate India

100.00

Foreign

India

CBA Specialised Financing Pty Limited

Body Corporate Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

CBFC Leasing Pty Limited

Body Corporate Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

CBFC Pty Limited

Body Corporate Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

N/A

N/A

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

N/A

FINANCIAL REPORT

N/A

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Trust

Foreign
jurisdiction

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Aircraft MSN 37125 (Australia) Trust

Australian
or foreign

SUSTAINABILITY

Place formed or
incorporated

CREATING VALUE

Entity Type

OVERVIEW

Entity Registered Name

Percentage of
share capital
held (%)

Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP)
The Bank expects the DRP for the final dividend for the year ended 30 June 2025 will be satisfied in full by an on-market purchase of
shares of approximately $790 million based on historical DRP participation rate.

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

For the year ended 30 June 2025

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Notes to the Financial Statements

366
366

367
367

Tax residency
Place formed or
incorporated

Tax residency

Percentage of
share capital
held (%)

Australian
or foreign

Foreign
jurisdiction

Entity Registered Name

Entity Type

Place formed or
incorporated

Percentage of
share capital
held (%)

Australian
or foreign

Foreign
jurisdiction

N/A

Premium Custody Services Pty Ltd

Body Corporate

Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

Colonial Holding Company Limited ¹

Body Corporate Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

Residential Mortgage Group Pty Ltd

Body Corporate

Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

Colonial Services Pty Limited ¹

Body Corporate Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

SAF Corporate Services Pty Ltd ³

Body Corporate

Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

CommBank Foundation

Trust

N/A

Australia

N/A

Safe No 27 Pty Ltd

Body Corporate

Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

CommBank Staff Foundation Limited ²

Body Corporate Australia

N/A

Australia

N/A

Safe No23 Pty Ltd

Body Corporate

Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

Commonwealth Australia Securities LLC

Body Corporate United States

N/A

Foreign

United States

Safe No24 Pty Ltd

Body Corporate

Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

Commonwealth Bank of Australia

Body Corporate Australia

N/A

Australia

N/A

Safe No4 Pty Limited

Body Corporate

Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

Commonwealth Bank of Australia (Europe) N.V.

Body Corporate Netherlands

100.00

Foreign

Netherlands

Safe Usd Holdings Pty Ltd

Body Corporate

Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

Trust

N/A

Australia

N/A

Securitisation Advisory Services Pty. Limited

Body Corporate

Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

Body Corporate Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

Securitisation Management Services Limited

Body Corporate

New Zealand

100.00

Foreign

New Zealand

Commonwealth Financial Planning Limited ¹

Body Corporate Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

Share Direct Nominees Pty Limited

Body Corporate

Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

Commonwealth Insurance Holdings Limited ¹

Body Corporate Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

Share Investments Pty Limited

Body Corporate

Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

Commonwealth Investments Pty Limited

Body Corporate Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

State Nominees Limited

Body Corporate

Australia

N/A

Australia

N/A

Commonwealth Private Limited

Body Corporate Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

Stichting CBA Carbon Custody Services

Body Corporate

Netherlands

N/A

Foreign

Netherlands

Commonwealth Securities Limited

Body Corporate Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

T.W. Custodians Limited

Body Corporate

Australia

N/A

Australia

N/A

CommSec Custodial Nominees Pty Limited

Body Corporate Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

The Colonial Mutual Life Assurance Society Pty
Body Corporate
Limited ¹

Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

Commwealth International Holdings Pty Limited ¹ Body Corporate Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

Comsec Nominees Pty Limited

Body Corporate Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

CPM Transform HoldCo Pty Limited

Body Corporate Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

CTB Australia Limited

Body Corporate Hong Kong

100.00

Foreign

Hong Kong

Doshii Connect Pty Ltd

Body Corporate Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

Financial Wisdom Limited ¹

Body Corporate Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

Homepath Pty Limited ¹

Body Corporate Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

Inverloch Leasing Pty Limited

Body Corporate Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

IWL Broking Solutions Pty Limited ¹

Body Corporate Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

Medallion NZ Series 2009-1R

Trust

N/A

N/A

Foreign

New Zealand

Medallion Trust Series 2008-1R

Trust

N/A

N/A

Australia

N/A

Medallion Trust Series 2014-1P

Trust

N/A

N/A

Australia

N/A

Medallion Trust Series 2014-2

Trust

N/A

N/A

Australia

N/A

Medallion Trust Series 2015-1

Trust

N/A

N/A

Australia

N/A

Medallion Trust Series 2015-2

Trust

N/A

N/A

Australia

N/A

Medallion Trust Series 2016-1

Trust

N/A

N/A

Australia

N/A

Medallion Trust Series 2016-2

Trust

N/A

N/A

Australia

N/A

Medallion Trust Series 2017-1

Trust

N/A

N/A

Australia

N/A

Commonwealth Bank of Australia Share Plan
Trust
Commonwealth Bank Officers Superannuation
Corporation Pty Limited ¹

N/A

N/A

Trust

N/A

N/A

Australia

N/A

Medallion Trust Series 2017-2

Trust

N/A

N/A

Australia

N/A

Medallion Trust Series 2018-1

Trust

N/A

N/A

Australia

N/A

Medallion Trust Series 2018-1P

Trust

N/A

N/A

Australia

N/A

Medallion Trust Series 2019-1

Trust

N/A

N/A

Australia

N/A

Medallion Trust Series 2023-1

Trust

N/A

N/A

Australia

N/A

Medallion Trust Series 2023-2

Trust

N/A

N/A

Australia

N/A

Body Corporate

Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

Body Corporate

Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

Vh-vzh Pty Ltd

Body Corporate

Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

Waddle (Australia) Holdings Pty Limited

Body Corporate

Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

Waddle Holdings Pty Ltd

Body Corporate

Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

Waddle IP Pty. Ltd.

Body Corporate

Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

Waddle Servicing Pty Ltd

Body Corporate

Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

Whitecoat Holdings Pty Ltd

Body Corporate

Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

Whitecoat Operating Pty Ltd

Body Corporate

Australia

100.00

Australia

N/A

1 The Group’s consolidated entities include certain entities that are not actively trading and entities related to businesses divested and closed over recent years (including
divestments of CommInsure General Insurance, Colonial First State, CommInsure Life, Colonial First State Global Asset Management, PT Commonwealth Life,
Australian Investment Exchange Limited and assisted closure of Aligned Advice).
2 CommBank Staff Foundation Limited is the trustee for the CommBank Foundation Trust.
3 SAF Corporate Services Pty Ltd is the trustee for the Aircraft MSN 37125 (Australia) Trust and the Aircraft MSN 37129 (Australia) Trust.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Medallion Trust Series 2017-1P

Vh-vzf Pty Ltd
Vh-vzg Pty Ltd

FINANCIAL REPORT

Australia

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

100.00

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Body Corporate Australia

SUSTAINABILITY

CMG Asia Pty Ltd ¹

CREATING VALUE

Entity Type

OVERVIEW

Entity Registered Name

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Consolidated entity disclosure statement (continued)

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Consolidated entity disclosure statement (continued)

368
368

The Directors of the Commonwealth Bank of Australia declare that:
In the opinion of the Directors:
(a)

The financial statements and notes for the year ended 30 June 2025, as set out on pages 222 to 364, are in accordance with
the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), including:
complying with the Australian Accounting Standards and any further requirements in the Corporations Regulations 2001;
and

ii.

giving a true and fair view of the Commonwealth Bank of Australia and the Group’s financial position as at 30 June 2025
and their performance for the year ended 30 June 2025.

The consolidated entity disclosure statement on pages 365 to 367 is true and correct.
There are reasonable grounds to believe that the Commonwealth Bank of Australia will be able to pay its debts as and when
they become due and payable.

Note 1.1 to the financial statements includes a statement of compliance with International Financial Reporting Standards.
The Directors have been given the declarations required by section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) for the year ended 30 June
2025.
This declaration is made in accordance with a resolution of the Directors.

Independent auditor’s report
To the members of the Commonwealth Bank of Australia

Report on the audit of the financial report

[SIGNATURE]

[SIGNATURE]

In our opinion:
The accompanying financial report of the Commonwealth Bank of Australia (the Bank) and its controlled entities
(together the Group) is in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:

Matt Comyn
Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer
13 August 2025

(a) giving a true and fair view of the Bank’s and Group’s financial positions as at 30 June 2025 and of their financial
performance for the year then ended; and
(b) complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.

What we have audited
The financial report comprises:
• the Bank and Group Balance Sheets as at 30 June 2025
• the Bank and Group Statements of Comprehensive Income for the year then ended
• the Bank and Group Statements of Changes in Equity for the year then ended
• the Bank and Group Statements of Cash Flows for the year then ended

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Paul O’Malley
Chairman
13 August 2025

SUSTAINABILITY

Our opinion

CREATING VALUE

(b)
(c)

OVERVIEW

i.

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Independent auditor’s report

Directors’ declaration

369

• the Bank and Group Income Statements for the year then ended
• the Consolidated Entity Disclosure Statement as at 30 June 2025
• the Directors’ declaration.

Basis for opinion

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Independence

PricewaterhouseCoopers, ABN 52 780 433 757
One International Towers Sydney, Watermans Quay, Barangaroo NSW 2000, GPO BOX 2650, Sydney NSW 2001
T: +61 2 8266 0000, F: +61 2 8266 9999, www.pwc.com.au
Level 11, 1PSQ, 169 Macquarie Street, Parramatta NSW 2150, PO Box 1155 Parramatta NSW 2124
T: +61 2 9659 2476, F: +61 2 8266 9999, www.pwc.com.au
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

We are independent of the Bank and the Group in accordance with the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations
Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional & Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of
Ethics for Professional Accountants (including Independence Standards) (the Code) and the International Code of Ethics for
Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) issued by the International Ethics Standards Board
for Accountants (IESBA Code) that are relevant to our audit of the financial report in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other
ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code and the IESBA Code.

FINANCIAL REPORT

We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards and International Standards on Auditing.
Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the
financial report section of our report.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

• the notes to the financial statements, including material accounting policy information and other explanatory information

370

371
COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Independent auditor’s report (continued)

OVERVIEW

Key audit matters

An audit is designed to provide reasonable assurance about whether the financial report is free from material misstatement.
Misstatements may arise due to fraud or error. They are considered material if individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably
be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial report.

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the financial
report for the current period.
The key audit matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion
thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. Further, any commentary on the outcomes of a particular
audit procedure is made in that context. The key audit matters identified below relate to both the Bank and the Group audit,
unless otherwise stated below. We communicated the key audit matters to the Audit Committee.

Bank and Group audit scope

Key audit matter

Our audit focused on where the Bank and the Group made subjective judgements; for example, significant accounting
estimates involving assumptions and inherently uncertain future events.

The nature, timing and extent of audit work performed for each component was determined by each components’ risk
characteristics and financial significance to the Bank and the Group and consideration of whether sufficient evidence had been
obtained for our opinion on the financial report as a whole. This involved either:
• an audit of the financial information of a component (full scope);
• an audit of one or more of the component’s account balances, classes of transactions or disclosures (audit of one or more
financial statement line items); or
• specific further audit procedures performed at a component level (other procedures).

Scoping and performance of procedures
Component

Audit scope
Full scope

BB

Full scope

IB&M

Full scope

NZ

Full scope

Group Treasury

Full scope

Corporate Centre
and Other 1

Other procedures

Areas in our
professional
judgement which
were of most
significance
in our audit

Auditor’s report

Opinion on the
financial report
as a whole

Individually assessed provisions are also recognised by the
Bank and the Group for loans and other receivables that are
known to be impaired at the reporting date.
We considered the provision for ECL a key audit matter
due to the significant audit effort required and the inherent
estimation uncertainty present in its determination, which
is specifically due to the complexity, subjectivity and
extent of judgement used by the Bank and the Group in its
recognition and measurement.

• The completeness and accuracy of certain inputs to and
outputs from the ECL models; and
• The review and approval of forward-looking assumptions,
model adjustments and overall adequacy of total provisions
for ECL by the Bank’s and the Group’s Loan Loss
Provisioning Committee (LLPC).
In addition to controls testing we, along with PwC credit risk
modelling experts and PwC economics experts, performed
the following audit procedures, amongst others, to assess the
reasonableness of the Bank’s and the Group’s provision for ECL
as at 30 June 2025:
• Assessed the appropriateness of the ECL model
methodology applied by the Bank and the Group for a
selection of the Bank’s and the Group’s loan portfolios, with
consideration to model performance for existing models and
model validation for newly implemented models;
• Recalculated ECL to assess the accuracy of the modelled
outputs for a targeted sample of the Bank’s and the Group’s
loan portfolios;

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

1 This excludes Group Treasury.

Key Audit Matters

The Bank and the Group utilise complex models to
calculate ECL on a collective basis. These models have
been developed using internal historical default data and
incorporate various forward-looking assumptions, such as
forecasts of future economic conditions across multiple
economic scenarios. In addition, judgemental adjustments
are applied to the modelled ECL outcomes (including
overlays and forward-looking adjustments).

We developed an understanding of the control activities
relevant to our audit procedures over the Bank’s and the Group’s
provision for ECL. For certain control activities, we assessed
whether they were appropriately designed and were operating
effectively, on a sample basis, throughout the year ended
30 June 2025. This included control activities relevant to:

FINANCIAL REPORT

RBS

Reporting

AASB 9 Financial Instruments requires the recognition of a
provision for expected credit losses (ECL) against the gross
carrying value of the Bank’s and the Group’s loans and
other receivables, the measurement of which is required to
incorporate reasonable and supportable information about
past events, current conditions and forecasts of future
economic conditions.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Set out in the following diagram is an overview of how our audit scope aligns to the identified components and our audit report.

Provisions for loan impairment

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

In designing the scope of our audit, we considered the structure of the Group which includes five business segments being
Retail Banking Services (RBS), Business Banking (BB), Institutional Banking and Markets (IB&M), New Zealand (NZ), and
Corporate Centre and Other. We also considered one significant business activity within these segments, being Group
Treasury. These business segments and the significant business activity are considered to be components as the Group
prepares financial information for their inclusion in the financial report.

How our audit addressed the key audit matter

SUSTAINABILITY

We tailored the scope of our audit to ensure that we performed enough work to be able to give an opinion on the financial report
as a whole, taking into account the geographic and management structure of the Bank and the Group, their accounting processes
and controls and the industries in which they operate.

CREATING VALUE

Our audit approach for the Group

372

373
COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Independent auditor’s report (continued)

OVERVIEW

How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Provisions for loan impairment (continued)
Key factors contributing to this uncertainty include:

• Multiple assumptions are made by the Bank and the Group
concerning the future occurrence of events and conditions,
as well as their probabilities, for which there are inherently
heightened levels of estimation uncertainty given the
forward-looking nature of these assumptions; and

Relevant references in the financial report
Refer to notes 3.2 and 9.2 for further information.

Provisions for ongoing class actions
• Assessed the appropriateness of certain forward-looking
assumptions incorporated into the ECL models, including the
macroeconomic scenarios developed, underlying forecasts
and probability weightings applied;
• Assessed the appropriateness of certain model adjustments
and overlays identified by the Bank and the Group;
• Tested the completeness and accuracy of a sample of
certain critical data elements used as inputs to the ECL
models, model adjustments and overlays to relevant source
documentation;
• Tested the appropriateness of individually assessed
provisions recognised by the Bank and the Group for a
selection of loan assets identified as impaired as at the
reporting date; and
• Considered the impact of relevant events occurring after the
end of the financial year until the date of signing the auditor’s
report on the provision for ECL.

We also assessed the reasonableness of the related disclosures
in the financial report against the requirements of Australian
Accounting standards.

We considered the determination, valuation and disclosure
of these provisions to be a key audit matter due to the level
of judgement required in determining whether a provision is
required, the inherent estimation uncertainty in calculating
the appropriate amount of a provision, where required,
and the related disclosures within the financial report.
Relevant references in the financial report
Refer to note 7.1 for further information.

We developed an understanding of the control activities
relevant to our audit procedures over the Bank’s and the Group’s
provisions for ongoing class actions, and for certain control
activities, assessed whether they were appropriately designed
and were operating effectively on a sample basis, throughout
the year ended 30 June 2025. We performed, amongst others,
the following procedures in relation to the determination and
valuation of the provisions for ongoing class actions:
• Made inquiries of management and in-house legal counsel
in relation to the status of the class actions at the end of
the financial year;
• Inspected certain Board meeting minutes and papers for
any material developments in relation to the class actions;
• Inspected legal representation letters from external
legal counsel for certain matters and evaluated the
responses received;
• Evaluated the Bank’s and the Group’s assessments as
to whether a provision was required with regard to the
requirements of Australian Accounting Standards; and
• Tested the valuation of the provisions recognised.
We also assessed the reasonableness of the related disclosures
in the financial report against the requirements of Australian
Accounting Standards.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Where applicable, we also considered the competency,
capabilities, objectivity and nature of the work of certain
experts used by the Bank and the Group to assist in the
development of relevant assumptions used in determining
the provision for ECL.

There are a number of class actions that have been brought
against the Bank and the Group. Significant judgement
is required to determine whether a provision is required
with regard to the requirements of AASB 137 Provisions,
Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets. Where a
provision has been recognised, there can be a high degree
of estimation uncertainty.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

• The determination of the need for and quantification of
adjustments to modelled assumptions and model outputs.

How our audit addressed the key audit matter

SUSTAINABILITY

• The models which are used to calculate ECL (ECL models)
are inherently complex and judgement is applied in
determining the appropriate construct of each model;

Key audit matter

CREATING VALUE

Key audit matter

FINANCIAL REPORT
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

374

375
COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Independent auditor’s report (continued)

OVERVIEW

How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Operation of financial reporting Information Technology (IT) systems and controls

Due to this, we consider the operation of financial reporting
IT systems and controls to be a key audit matter.

The Bank and the Group have an ongoing multi-year strategic
program to address controls related to access management
for systems and data relevant to financial reporting.

Our procedures included evaluating and testing the design and
operating effectiveness of certain control activities over the
continued integrity of the material IT systems that are relevant
to financial reporting.
This involved assessing, where relevant to the audit:
• Change management: The processes and controls used
to develop, test and authorise changes to the functionality
and configurations within systems;
• System development: The project disciplines which ensure
that significant developments or implementation are
appropriately tested before implementation and that data
is converted and transferred completely and accurately;

• IT operations: The controls over operations are used to
ensure that any issues that arise are managed appropriately.
Within the scope of our audit, where technology services are
provided by a third party, we considered assurance reports
from the third party’s auditor on the design and operating
effectiveness of controls.

Responsibilities of the directors for the financial report
The directors of the Bank are responsible for the preparation of the financial report in accordance with Australian Accounting
Standards and the Corporations Act 2001, including giving a true and fair view, and for such internal control as the directors
determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the financial report that is free from material misstatement, whether due
to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the ability of the Bank and the Group to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis
of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Bank or the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial report
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance
is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with the Australian Auditing
Standards and International Standards on Auditing will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements
can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected
to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial report.
A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial report is located at the Auditing and Assurance Standards
Board website at: https://auasb.gov.au/media/bwvjcgre/ar1_2024.pdf. This description forms part of our auditor’s report.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Where we identified design or operating effectiveness
matters relating to IT systems, IT application controls or
IT dependencies in IT dependent manual controls relevant
to our audit, we performed alternative audit procedures.
We also considered mitigating controls in order to respond
to the impact on our overall audit approach.

If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of this auditor’s report,
we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have
nothing to report in this regard.

FINANCIAL REPORT

We also carried out tests, on a sample basis, of IT application
controls and IT dependencies in IT dependent manual controls
that were key to our audit testing in order to assess the
accuracy of certain system calculations, the generation of
certain reports and the operation of certain system-enforced
access controls.

In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider
whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial report or our knowledge obtained in the audit,
or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

• Security: The access controls designed to enforce
segregation of duties, govern the use of generic and
privileged accounts or ensure that data is only changed
through authorised means; and

Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and accordingly we do not express any form of assurance
conclusion thereon through our opinion on the financial report. We have issued a separate opinion on the Remuneration report
and the selected Subject Matter Information included in the Additional Information section of the annual report.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

In particular, in common with all banks, access rights
to technology are important because they are intended
to ensure that changes to IT applications and data are
appropriately authorised. Ensuring that only appropriate
staff have access to IT systems, that the level of access
itself is appropriate, and that access is periodically
monitored, are key controls in mitigating the potential for
fraud or error as a result of a change to an IT application or
underlying data.

For material financial statement balances, we developed an
understanding of the business processes, IT systems used
to generate and support those balances and associated IT
application controls and IT dependencies in IT dependent
manual controls.

The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the
annual report for the year ended 30 June 2025, but does not include the financial report and our auditor’s report thereon.

SUSTAINABILITY

The Bank’s and the Group’s operations and financial
reporting processes are heavily dependent on IT systems
for the processing and recording of a significant volume
of transactions.

Other information

CREATING VALUE

Key audit matter

376

377
COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Independent auditor’s report (continued)

We have audited the Remuneration report included in the Directors’ report for the year ended 30 June 2025.
In our opinion, the Remuneration report of the Commonwealth Bank of Australia for the year ended 30 June 2025 complies with
section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.

CREATING VALUE

Our opinion on the Remuneration report

Additional
information

OVERVIEW

Report on the Remuneration report

SUSTAINABILITY

Responsibilities
The directors of the Bank are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the Remuneration report in accordance with
section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Remuneration report, based on
our audit conducted in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

PricewaterhouseCoopers

Sydney
13 August 2025

In this section
Page

Five-year financial summary

385

Profit reconciliation

388

Climate disclosures appendix

389

Independent assurance report

430

Glossary

438

Important notices

452

Contact us

453

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

378

FINANCIAL REPORT

Security holder information

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Elizabeth O’Brien
Partner

378
378

379
379

Top 20 holders of fully paid ordinary shares as at 2 July 2025

Stock exchange listing

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Security holder information (continued)

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Security holder information

The shares of the Commonwealth Bank of Australia (Bank) are listed on the ASX under the trade symbol of CBA.
Name of holder

1
2

Range of shares (fully paid ordinary shares and employee shares) as at 2 July 2025

469,131,325

28.04%

J P Morgan Nominees Australia Limited

243,732,290

14.57%

3

Citicorp Nominees Pty Limited

113,569,101

6.79%

4

BNP Paribas Noms Pty Ltd

65,960,767

3.94%

5

National Nominees Limited

15,291,372

0.91%

6

Netwealth Investments Limited

7,426,382

0.44%

7

Australian Foundation Investment

5,242,000

0.31%

8

Australian Executor Trustees Limited

4,448,628

0.27%

9

Bond Street Custodians Limited

3,030,334

0.18%

Total ²

10

Mutual Trust Pty Ltd

2,442,442

0.15%

Less than marketable parcel of $500 ³

11

Argo Investments Limited

2,353,531

0.14%

12

Invia Custodian Pty Limited

1,364,713

0.08%

1 The total number of rights on issue is 1,246,877 rights which carry no entitlement to vote.
2 During FY25, 1,162,757 shares were purchased on market at an average share price of $152.60 for the purpose of various CBA equity settled share plans.

13

McCusker Holdings Pty Ltd

1,270,000

0.08%

3 Based on a closing price of $183.67 on 2 July 2025.

14

UBS Nominees Pty Ltd

1,186,354

0.07%

Voting rights

15

IOOF Investment Services Ltd

986,995

0.06%

16

BKI Investment Company Limited

867,000

0.05%

Under the Bank’s Constitution, shareholders entitled to vote at a general meeting may vote in person, directly or by proxy, attorney or
representative, depending on whether the shareholder is an individual or a company.

17

Custodial Services Limited

782,708

0.05%

18

Koll Pty Ltd

584,348

0.03%

19

The Senior Master Of The Supreme Court

580,888

0.03%

20

The Manly Hotels Pty Limited

573,183

0.03%

Number of

Percentage of

Number of

Percentage of

Number of

Ranges

shareholders

shareholders

shares

issued capital

rights holders ¹

1–1,000

623,036

77.83

158,351,336

9.46

55

1,001–5,000

153,594

19.19

323,023,861

19.30

45

5,001–10,000

16,903

2.11

114,806,789

6.86

5

10,001–100,000

6,794

0.85

125,887,112

7.53

17

100,001–over

122

0.02

951,393,260

56.85

1

800,449

100.00

1,673,462,358

100.00

123

7,900

0.99

10,733

–

–

Subject to any rights or restrictions attaching to shares, each ordinary shareholder present at a general meeting has, on a poll, one vote
for each fully paid share. If shares are not fully paid, on a poll the number of votes attaching to the shares is pro-rated accordingly. In
accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), the provision in the Constitution providing for one vote on a show of hands is no longer
relevant, as general meeting resolutions will be conducted by a poll.

The top 20 shareholders hold 940,824,361 shares which is equal to 56.22% of the total shares on issue.

If a person at a general meeting represents personally or by proxy, attorney or official representative more than one shareholder, on a
show of hands the person is entitled to one vote only even though he or she represents more than one shareholder.

Substantial shareholding

Where a shareholder appoints two proxies or attorneys to vote at the same general meeting:

As at 12 August 2025 the following organisations have disclosed a substantial shareholding notice to the Australian Securities Exchange
(ASX).

• If the appointment does not specify the proportion or number of the shareholder’s votes each proxy or attorney may exercise, each proxy
or attorney may exercise half the shareholder’s votes;
• On a show of hands, neither proxy or attorney may vote if more than one proxy or attorney attends; and

Percentage of
voting power

State Street Corporation 1

119,252,713

7

BlackRock Group 2

106,300,321

6

Vanguard Group 3

100,411,509

6

Name

1 Substantial shareholding as at 16 December 2024, as per notice lodged on 19 December 2024.
2 Substantial shareholding as at 6 March 2020, as per notice lodged on 10 March 2020.
3 Substantial shareholding as at 28 April 2025, as per notice lodged on 2 May 2025.

• On a poll, each proxy or attorney may only exercise votes in respect of those shares or voting rights the proxy or attorney represents.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Number of
shares

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

HSBC Custody Nominees

SUSTAINABILITY

Percentage of securities

CREATING VALUE

Number of securities

OVERVIEW

Rank

FINANCIAL REPORT
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

380
380

381
381

Top 20 holders of CommBank PERLS XIII Capital Notes (“PERLS XIII”) as at 2 July 2025

Rank

Name of holder

Rank

Name of holder

1
2

Percentage of securities

HSBC Custody Nominees

1,330,491

8.07%

1

Citicorp Nominees Pty Limited

1,193,189

7.24%

2

BNP Paribas Noms Pty Ltd

1,235,425

10.46%

Citicorp Nominees Pty Limited

988,424

3

BNP Paribas Noms Pty Ltd

1,132,902

6.87%

8.38%

3

HSBC Custody Nominees

933,445

7.91%

4

Netwealth Investments Limited

482,099

5

Australian Executor Trustees Limited

267,759

2.92%

4

Netwealth Investments Limited

245,311

2.08%

1.62%

5

Australian Executor Trustees Limited

124,541

1.06%

6

Royal Freemasons Benevolent Institution

7

Dimbulu Pty Ltd

202,500

1.23%

6

Mutual Trust Pty Ltd

118,345

1.00%

200,000

1.21%

7

Leda Holdings Pty Ltd

111,000

0.94%

8

Invia Custodian Pty Limited

9

Tandom Pty Ltd

129,212

0.78%

8

Dimbulu Pty Ltd

100,000

0.85%

120,000

0.73%

9

Royal Freemasons Benevolent Institution

100,000

10

Mutual Trust Pty Ltd

0.85%

114,263

0.69%

10

Nothman Pty Ltd

88,700

0.75%

11
12

Bond Street Custodians Limited

110,235

0.67%

11

Herbert St Investments Pty Ltd

84,000

0.71%

Diocese Development Fund - Catholic Diocese Of Parramatta

101,472

0.61%

12

A.R.E. Investments Pty Limited

72,920

0.62%

13

Pamdale Investments

58,634

0.36%

13

Bond Street Custodians Limited

46,771

0.40%

14

J P Morgan Nominees Australia Limited

54,885

0.33%

14

Berne No 132 Nominees Pty Ltd

43,757

0.37%

15

Brujan Assets Pty Limited

49,200

0.30%

15

Invia Custodian Pty Limited

42,033

0.36%

16

Tsco Pty Ltd

48,650

0.29%

16

Mrs Shane Carolyn Gluskie

40,000

0.34%

17

Mr Roni G Sikh

38,527

0.23%

17

Mr Peter Hamilton Butts

36,445

0.31%

18

Federation University Australia

30,650

0.19%

18

Federation University Australia

35,430

0.30%

19

SRA Investments Pty Ltd

30,330

0.18%

19

Regents Garden Lake Joondalup

34,330

0.29%

20

RL Thomson Pty Ltd

30,000

0.18%

20

J P Morgan Nominees Australia Limited

28,689

0.24%

The top 20 PERLS XII security holders hold 5,724,998 securities which is equal to 34.70% of the total securities on issue.

The top 20 PERLS XIII security holders hold 4,509,566 securities which is equal to 38.22% of the total securities on issue.

Stock exchange listing

Stock exchange listing

PERLS XII are perpetual subordinated unsecured notes issued by the Bank. They are listed on the ASX under the trade symbol CBAPI.

PERLS XIII are perpetual subordinated unsecured notes issued by the Bank. They are listed on the ASX under the trade symbol CBAPJ.

Range of securities (PERLS XII) as at 2 July 2025

Range of securities (PERLS XIII) as at 2 July 2025
Number of

Percentage of

Number of

Percentage of

Number of

Percentage of

security holders

securities

issued capital

Ranges

security holders

security holders

securities

issued capital

1–1,000

14,684

87.32

5,412,055

32.80

1–1,000

10,449

88.61

3,749,793

31.77

1,001–5,000

1,938

11.53

3,970,605

24.07

1,001–5,000

1,193

10.12

2,545,048

21.57

5,001–10,000

120

0.71

866,259

5.25

5,001–10,000

92

0.78

641,628

5.44

10,001–100,000

60

0.36

1,484,083

8.99

10,001–100,000

48

0.41

1,565,890

13.27

100,001–over

14

0.08

4,766,998

28.89

100,001–over

9

0.08

3,297,641

27.95

16,816

100.00

16,500,000

100.00

Total

11,791

100.00

11,800,000

100.00

8

0.05

14

–

2

0.02

7

–

Total
Less than marketable parcel of $500 ¹

Less than marketable parcel of $500 ¹

1 Based on a closing price of $102.55 on 2 July 2025.

1 Based on a closing price of $101.40 on 2 July 2025.

Voting rights

Voting rights

PERLS XII do not confer any voting rights in the Bank but if they are exchanged for ordinary shares of the Bank in accordance with their
terms of issue, then the voting rights of the ordinary shares will be as set out on pages 378 and 379 for the Bank’s ordinary shares.

PERLS XIII do not confer any voting rights in the Bank but if they are exchanged for ordinary shares of the Bank in accordance with their
terms of issue, then the voting rights of the ordinary shares will be as set out on pages 378 and 379 for the Bank’s ordinary shares.

FINANCIAL REPORT

Percentage of

security holders

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Number of
Ranges

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Percentage of securities

SUSTAINABILITY

Number of securities

CREATING VALUE

Number of securities

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Top 20 holders of CommBank PERLS XII Capital Notes (“PERLS XII”) as at 2 July 2025

OVERVIEW

Security holder information (continued)

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Security holder information (continued)

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

382
382

383
383

Top 20 holders of CommBank PERLS XV Capital Notes (“PERLS XV”) as at 2 July 2025

Rank

Name of holder

Rank

Name of holder

1

1
2
3
4

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Top 20 holders of CommBank PERLS XIV Capital Notes (“PERLS XIV”) as at 2 July 2025

2,120,452

11.93%

HSBC Custody Nominees

1,339,188

7.53%

Citicorp Nominees Pty Limited

662,174

3.73%

Netwealth Investments Limited

438,827

2.47%

5

Mutual Trust Pty Ltd

195,913

1.10%

6

Megt (Australia) Ltd

124,800

0.70%

7

Australian Executor Trustees Limited

123,032

0.69%

8

Invia Custodian Pty Limited

113,275

0.64%

9

Jonwen Investments

105,000

0.59%

10

Bond Street Custodians Limited

101,829

0.57%

11

Limeburner Investments Pty Ltd

85,753

0.48%

12

Marrosan Investments Pty Ltd

85,000

0.48%

13

Royal Freemasons Benevolent Institution

82,000

0.46%

14

J P Morgan Nominees Australia Limited

76,760

0.43%

15

Willimbury Pty Ltd

70,673

0.40%

16

Pamdale Investments

56,441

0.32%

17

Cordale Holdings Pty Ltd

55,000

0.31%

18

Mifare Pty Ltd

55,000

0.31%

0.17%

19

Jamber Investments Pty Limited

50,000

0.28%

0.15%

20

Force1 Pty Ltd

49,000

0.28%

4,319,921

24.68%

2

HSBC Custody Nominees

1,256,659

7.18%

3

Citicorp Nominees Pty Limited

575,017

3.29%

4

Netwealth Investments Limited

475,148

2.72%

5

Dimbulu Pty Ltd

220,000

1.26%

6

Australian Executor Trustees Limited

169,126

0.97%

7

Mutual Trust Pty Ltd

142,909

0.81%

8

J P Morgan Nominees Australia Limited

114,854

0.65%

9

John E Gill Trading Pty Ltd

112,110

0.64%

10

Invia Custodian Pty Limited

96,302

0.55%

11

Bond Street Custodians Limited

94,327

0.54%

12

Pamdale Investments

66,756

0.38%

13

Fibora Pty Ltd

64,740

0.37%

14

Marrosan Investments Pty Ltd

50,000

0.29%

15

Sir Moses Montefiore Jewish Home

40,010

0.23%

16

IOOF Investment Services Ltd

36,071

0.21%

17

Limeburner Investments Pty Ltd

34,463

0.19%

18

Smart Super Investments Pty Ltd

30,050

0.17%

19

Leda Holdings Pty Ltd

29,930

20

Corporation of the Trustees of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese

26,000

The top 20 PERLS XIV security holders hold 7,954,393 securities which is equal to 45.45% of the total securities on issue.

The top 20 PERLS XV security holders hold 5,990,117 securities which is equal to 33.70% of the total securities on issue.

Stock exchange listing

Stock exchange listing

PERLS XIV are perpetual subordinated unsecured notes issued by the Bank. They are listed on the ASX under the trade symbol CBAPK.

PERLS XV are perpetual subordinated unsecured notes issued by the Bank. They are listed on the ASX under the trade symbol CBAPL.

Range of securities (PERLS XIV) as at 2 July 2025

Range of securities (PERLS XV) as at 2 July 2025
Percentage of

Number of

Percentage of

Number of

Percentage of

Number of

Percentage of

security holders

security holders

securities

issued capital

Ranges

security holders

security holders

securities

issued capital

1–1,000

11,417

85.22

4,499,925

25.71

1–1,000

12,897

84.71

5,087,796

28.63

3,626,249

20.72

1,001–5,000

2,075

13.63

4,202,959

23.65

1,001–5,000

1,782

13.30

5,001–10,000

122

0.91

864,345

4.94

5,001–10,000

142

0.93

1,007,950

5.67

10,001–100,000

65

0.49

1,445,263

8.26

10,001–100,000

100

0.66

2,737,542

15.40

100,001–over

11

0.08

7,064,218

40.37

100,001–over
Total

Total

13,397

100.00

17,500,000

100.00

9

0.07

12

–

Less than marketable parcel of $500 ¹

0.07

4,737,543

26.65

100.00

17,773,790

100.00

3

0.02

10

–

1 Based on a closing price of $102.67 on 2 July 2025.

1 Based on a closing price of $102.95 on 2 July 2025.

Voting rights

Voting rights

PERLS XIV do not confer any voting rights in the Bank but if they are exchanged for ordinary shares of the Bank in accordance with their
terms of issue, then the voting rights of the ordinary shares will be as set out on pages 378 and 379 for the Bank’s ordinary shares.

PERLS XV do not confer any voting rights in the Bank but if they are exchanged for ordinary shares of the Bank in accordance with their
terms of issue, then the voting rights of the ordinary shares will be as set out on pages 378 and 379 for the Bank’s ordinary shares.

FINANCIAL REPORT

Less than marketable parcel of $500 ¹

10
15,224

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Number of
Ranges

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

BNP Paribas Noms Pty Ltd

BNP Paribas Noms Pty Ltd

SUSTAINABILITY

Percentage of securities

Percentage of securities

CREATING VALUE

Number of securities

Number of securities

OVERVIEW

Security holder information (continued)

2025 Annual report
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Security holder information (continued)

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

384
384

Top 20 holders of CommBank PERLS XVI Capital Notes (“PERLS XVI”) as at 2 July 2025
Name of holder

1

HSBC Custody Nominees

2

Citicorp Nominees Pty Limited

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 23

30 Jun 22

30 Jun 21

$M

$M

$M

$M

$M

Net interest income

24,023

22,824

23,056

19,473

19,302

Other operating income

4,442

4,350

4,079

5,126

4,646

Number of securities

Percentage of securities

1,840,170

11.88%

701,688

4.53%

Total operating income

28,465

27,174

27,135

24,599

23,948

(12,996)

(12,218)

(11,858)

(11,428)

(11,151)

4.33%

502,400

3.24%

Loan impairment (expense)/benefit

(726)

(802)

(1,108)

357

(554)

5

Bond Street Custodians Limited

240,845

1.55%

6

Tandom Pty Ltd

156,000

1.01%

Net profit before tax

14,743

14,154

14,169

13,528

12,243

7

Mutual Trust Pty Ltd

123,070

0.79%

Income tax expense

(4,491)

(4,318)

(4,097)

(4,014)

(3,590)

8

Australian Executor Trustees Limited

101,129

0.65%

10,252

9,836

10,072

9,514

8,653

9

Dimbulu Pty Ltd

100,000

0.65%

Net profit after tax from continuing operations – "cash
basis"

10

Mr John William Cunningham

95,970

0.62%

11

J P Morgan Nominees Australia Limited

77,825

0.50%

12

Higham Hill Pty Ltd

70,000

0.45%

13

Leda Holdings Pty Ltd

70,000

0.45%

14

John E Gill Trading Pty Ltd

40,128

0.26%

15

Anglicare SA Ltd

40,000

0.26%

16

Seymour Group Pty Ltd

36,350

0.23%

17

Redbrook Nominees Pty Ltd

32,691

0.21%

18

Ms Pui Shan Christine Ho

30,000

0.19%

19

Invia Custodian Pty Limited

28,449

0.18%

20

SCJ Pty Limited

28,000

0.18%

Net profit after tax from discontinued operations
Net profit after tax – "cash basis"

1

11

18

113

148

10,253

9,847

10,090

9,627

8,801

53

17

(8)

108

7

(Loss)/gain on acquisition, disposal, closure and demerger of
businesses

(190)

(470)

(84)

955

1,373

Net profit after income tax attributable to equity holders
of the Bank – "statutory basis"

10,116

9,394

9,998

10,690

10,181

Retail Banking Services

5,395

5,265

5,468

5,194

4,693

Business Banking

4,092

3,790

3,619

2,734

2,836

Institutional Banking and Markets

1,224

1,124

1,068

1,068

933

New Zealand

1,198

1,198

1,324

1,265

1,161

Corporate Centre and Other

(1,657)

(1,541)

(1,407)

(747)

(970)

PERLS XVI are perpetual subordinated unsecured notes issued by the Bank. They are listed on the ASX under the trade symbol CBAPM.

Net profit after tax from continuing operations – "cash
basis"

10,252

9,836

10,072

9,514

8,653

Range of securities (PERLS XVI) as at 2 July 2025

Balance Sheet

The top 20 PERLS XVI security holders hold 4,984,932 securities which is equal to 32.16% of the total securities on issue.

Stock exchange listing

942,210

926,082

878,854

811,356

1,353,799

1,254,076

1,252,423

1,215,082

1,091,975

937,857

882,922

864,995

857,586

766,381

1,275,023

1,180,988

1,180,790

1,142,397

1,013,287

Shareholders' equity

78,776

73,088

71,633

72,685

78,688

11.64

Net tangible assets (including discontinued operations)

70,694

65,488

64,235

65,746

71,041

496,145

467,551

467,992

497,892

450,680

1,153,684

1,144,357

1,111,254

1,026,910

929,846

Ranges

Number of
securities

Percentage of
issued capital

1–1,000

12,235

85.24

4,625,431

29.84

1,001–5,000

1,881

13.11

4,063,747

26.22

5,001–10,000

150

1.05

1,115,429

7.20

100,001–over
Total
Less than marketable parcel of $500 ¹

0.54

1,804,901

Deposits and other public borrowings
Total liabilities

8

0.06

3,890,492

25.10

Risk weighted assets – Basel III (APRA)

14,352

100.00

15,500,000

100.00

Average interest earning assets

3

0.02

6

–

971,466

918,666

841,695

776,967

1,044,500

1,044,401

1,012,316

926,909

Assets (on Balance Sheet) – New Zealand

126,847

117,351

118,192

112,433

110,104

Assets (on Balance Sheet) – Other

104,790

92,225

89,830

90,333

54,962

Assets (on Balance Sheet) – Australia

Voting rights
PERLS XVI do not confer any voting rights in the Bank but if they are exchanged for ordinary shares of the Bank in accordance with their
terms of issue, then the voting rights of the ordinary shares will be as set out on pages 378 and 379 for the Bank’s ordinary shares.

Relevant exchanges

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

In addition to the ASX, the Group has securities quoted on the London Stock Exchange (LSE), Swiss Exchange (SIX) and the New
Zealand Exchange (NZX).

FINANCIAL REPORT

982,224
1,122,162

Average interest bearing liabilities

1 Based on a closing price of $104.32 on 2 July 2025.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

1,007,756

Total assets

Percentage of
security holders

78

Contributions to profit (after tax)

Loans and other receivables

Number of
security holders

10,001–100,000

Hedging and IFRS volatility

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

670,217

Netwealth Investments Limited

SUSTAINABILITY

BNP Paribas Noms Pty Ltd

4

CREATING VALUE

3

Operating expenses

OVERVIEW

Rank

30 Jun 25

CBA FINANCIAL REPORT

Five-year financial summary

COMMONWEALTH
2025 Annual report BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Security holder information (continued)

385
385

386

386
386

387
387

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 23

30 Jun 22

30 Jun 21

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 23

30 Jun 22

30 Jun 21

Earnings per share
Shareholder
summary from continuing operations

Performance ratios from continuing operations

387

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 23

30 Jun 22

30 Jun 21

30 Jun 25

30 Jun 24

30 Jun 23

30 Jun 22

30 Jun 21

Return on average
Shareholders'
Equityoperations
Performance
ratios
from continuing
Statutory
Return
on average Shareholders' Equity

(%)

13.4

13.1

14.0

12.7

11.8

Statutory
Basic

(cents)

606.1

566.6

597.5

557.0

499.2

Cash basis
Statutory

(%)

13.5
13.4

13.6
13.1

13.9
14.0

12.6
12.7

11.5
11.8

Basic
Earnings
per share
(cents)

613.2
606.1

587.8
566.6

596.1
597.5

552.4
557.0

488.5
499.2

Return
on average total assets
Cash basis

(%)

13.5

13.6

13.9

12.6

11.5

(cents)

613.2

587.8

596.1

552.4

488.5

Statutory
Return
on average total assets

(%)

0.8

0.7

0.8

0.8

0.9

Statutory
Fully
diluted

(cents)

605.2

562.7

584.2

537.1

470.6

Cash basis
Statutory

(%)

0.8

0.8
0.7

0.8

0.8

0.8
0.9

Cash
basis
Statutory

(cents)

612.3
605.2

582.6
562.7

582.8
584.2

532.9
537.1

460.7
470.6

Net
interest
Cash
basismargin

(%)

2.08
0.8

1.99
0.8

2.07
0.8

1.90
0.8

2.08
0.8

Shareholder
Cash basis summary including discontinued operations
(cents)

612.3

582.6

582.8

532.9

460.7

Performance
ratios including discontinued operations(%)
Net
interest margin

2.08

1.99

2.07

1.90

2.08

Return on average
Shareholders'
Equity
Performance
ratios
including discontinued
operations

Basic
Earnings
per share

Statutory
Return
on average Shareholders' Equity

(%)

13.4

13.0

13.8

14.2

13.5

561.4

591.7

620.7

574.8

Cash basis
Statutory

(%)

13.5
13.4

13.6
13.0

14.0
13.8

12.8
14.2

11.7
13.5

613.2
605.1

588.4
561.4

597.2
591.7

559.0
620.7

496.9
574.8

Return
on average total assets
Cash basis

(%)

13.5

13.6

14.0

12.8

11.7

Fully
Cashdiluted
basis

(cents)

613.2

588.4

597.2

559.0

496.9

Statutory
Return
on average total assets

(%)

0.8

0.7

0.8

0.9

1.0

Statutory
Fully
diluted

(cents)

604.2

557.8

578.7

597.0

539.7

Cash
basis
Statutory

(%)

0.8

0.8
0.7

0.8

0.8
0.9

0.8
1.0

Cash basis
Statutory

(cents)

612.3
604.2

583.2
557.8

583.8
578.7

539.0
597.0

468.4
539.7

Dividends
per share – fully franked
Cash basis

(cents)

485
612.3

465
583.2

450
583.8

385
539.0

350
468.4

(%)
(%)

0.8
12.3

0.8
12.3

0.8
12.2

0.8
11.5

0.8
13.1

– statutory
Dividendscover
per share
– fully franked

(times)
(cents)

1.2
485

1.2
465

1.3
450

1.6
385

1.6
350

Capital
adequacy – Common Equity Tier 1 – Basel
Cash basis
III (APRA)
Capital adequacy – Common Equity Tier 1 – Basel
Capital
adequacy – Tier 1 – Basel III (APRA)
III (APRA)

(%)
(%)

12.3
13.9

12.3
14.3

12.2
14.5

11.5
13.6

13.1
15.7

cash
Dividend cover – statutory

(times)

1.3
1.2

1.3
1.2

1.3

1.5
1.6

1.4
1.6

2 – Basel III (APRA)
Capital adequacy – Tier 1

(%)

7.0
13.9

6.6
14.3

5.5
14.5

4.0
13.6

4.1
15.7

Dividend cover
payout–ratio
cash

(times)

1.3

1.3

1.3

1.5

1.4

Total2––Basel
Capital adequacy – Tier
BaselIII
III(APRA)
(APRA)

(%)

20.9
7.0

20.9
6.6

20.0
5.5

17.6
4.0

19.8
4.1

Statutorypayout ratio
Dividend

(%)

80

83

76

61

61

Leverage
Ratio Basel
III (APRA)
Capital adequacy
– Total
– Basel III (APRA)

(%)

4.7
20.9

5.0
20.9

5.1
20.0

5.2
17.6

6.0
19.8

Cash
basis
Statutory

(%)

79
80

79
83

75
76

68
61

71
61

Liquidity Coverage
Ratio
– "Quarterly average"
Leverage
Ratio Basel
III (APRA)

(%)

130
4.7

136
5.0

131
5.1

130
5.2

129
6.0

Net
tangible
Cash
basis assets per share including discontinued
operations
Net tangible assets per share including discontinued
Weighted
operationsaverage number of shares (statutory
basis)
Weighted average number of shares (statutory
Weighted
average number of shares (statutory fully
basis)
diluted)
Weighted average number of shares (statutory fully
Weighted average number of shares (cash basis)
diluted)

(%)
($)

79
42.2

79
39.1

75
38.3

68
38.6

71
40.0

Net interest
margin Ratio – "Quarterly average"
Liquidity
Coverage

(%)

2.08
130

1.99
136

2.07
131

1.90
130

2.08
129

($)
(M)

42.2
1,672

39.1
1,673

38.3
1,690

38.6
1,722

40.0
1,771

Net
interest
margin
Other
information

(%)

2.08

1.99

2.07

1.90

2.08

Full-time
equivalent employees from continuing operations
Other
information

51,346

48,887

49,454

48,906

44,019

Full-time
discontinued
Full-time equivalent
equivalent employees
employees including
from continuing
operations
operations
Full-time equivalent employees including discontinued
Branches/services centres (Australia)
operations

51,346
51,346

48,887
48,887

49,454
49,454

48,906
48,906

44,019
45,833

51,346
659

48,887
709

49,454
741

48,906
807

45,833
875

Weighted
Weighted average
average number
number of
of shares
shares (cash
(cash fully
basis)
diluted)
Weighted average number of shares (cash fully
Number of shareholders ¹
diluted)

Agencies (Australia)centres (Australia)
Branches/services

3,363
659

3,445
709

3,491
741

3,526
807

3,535
875

(M)
(M)

1,672
1,675

1,673
1,784

1,690
1,800

1,722
1,833

1,771
1,934

(M)
(M)

1,675
1,672

1,784
1,673

1,800
1,690

1,833
1,722

1,934
1,771

(M)
(M)

1,672
1,675

1,673
1,784

1,690
1,800

1,722
1,833

1,771
1,934

(M)

1,675
800,810

1,784
831,091

1,800
861,636

1,833
873,764

1,934
871,514

800,810

831,091

861,636

873,764

871,514

Share prices
for the year ¹
Number
of shareholders
Tradingprices
high for the year
Share

($)

192.00

128.68

111.43

110.19

106.57

low
Trading high

($)

124.80
192.00

96.15
128.68

89.66
111.43

86.98
110.19

62.64
106.57

End (closing
Trading
low price)

($)

184.75
124.80

127.38
96.15

100.27
89.66

90.38
86.98

99.87
62.64

End (closing price)

($)

184.75

127.38

100.27

90.38

99.87

1 Includes employees.

1,916
3,445

1,956
3,491

2,095
3,526

2,492
3,535

201,534
1,819

209,861
1,916

206,188
1,956

189,977
2,095

203,938
2,492

EFTPOS
terminals
(active)
Productivity
from continuing
operations ¹

201,534

209,861

206,188

189,977

203,938

($)

554,376

555,853

548,692

502,985

544,038

($)
(%)

554,376
28.0

555,853
27.6

548,692
26.4

502,985
26.8

544,038
25.3

(%)
(%)

28.0
45.7

27.6
45.0

26.4
43.7

26.8
46.5

25.3
46.6

(%)

45.7

45.0

43.7

46.5

46.6

($)

554,464

556,689

550,136

510,785

539,131

($)
(%)

554,464
28.0

556,689
27.5

550,136
26.4

510,785
26.7

539,131
25.4

(%)
(%)

28.0
45.7

27.5
45.0

26.4
43.8

26.7
46.5

25.4
47.4

(%)

45.7

45.0

43.8

46.5

47.4

Total
operating
income
per full-time
equivalent
Productivity
from
continuing
operations
¹
employee
Total operating income per full-time equivalent
Employee expense/total operating income
employee
Total
operating
expenses/total
operating
Employee
expense/total
operating
incomeincome –
"cash basis"
Total operating expenses/total operating income –
Productivity
"cash basis" including discontinued operations ¹
Total
operating
income per
full-time equivalent
Productivity
including
discontinued
operations ¹
employee
Total operating income per full-time equivalent
Employee expense/total operating income
employee

1 The productivity metrics have been calculated on a cash basis.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Total
operating
expenses/total
operating
Employee
expense/total
operating
incomeincome –
"cash basis"
Total operating expenses/total operating income –
"cash basis"
1 The productivity metrics have been calculated on a cash basis.

FINANCIAL REPORT

1 Includes employees.

1,819
3,363

EFTPOS
terminals (active)
ATMs

ATMs
Agencies
(Australia)

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

605.1

(cents)

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

(cents)

Cash basis
Statutory

SUSTAINABILITY

Statutory
Basic

CREATING VALUE

Earnings per share
Shareholder
summary including discontinued operations

OVERVIEW

Cash basis
Statutory
Fully
Cashdiluted
basis

CBA FINANCIAL
CBA FINANCIAL
REPORT
REPORT

Shareholder summary from continuing operations

Five-year financial summary (continued)
Five-year financial summary (continued)

2025 2025
Annual
Annual
reportreport
COMMONWEALTH
BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Five-year financial summary (continued)
Five-year financial summary (continued)

388
388

389
COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Profit reconciliation
Full year ended 30 Jun 2025

Interest income ²

65,110

–

–

65,110

Interest expense

(41,087)

–

–

(41,087)

Net interest income

24,023

–

–

24,023

Net other operating income

4,442

(244)

69

4,267

Total operating income

28,465

(244)

69

28,290

Operating expenses

Profit reconciliation

Net profit
after tax
"statutory
basis"
$M

Group

(19)

–

(13,015)

(726)

–

–

(726)

Net profit/(loss) before tax

14,743

(263)

69

14,549

Income tax (expense)/benefit

(4,491)

91

(16)

(4,416)

Net profit/(loss) after income tax from continuing operations

10,252

(172)

53

10,133

1

(18)

–

(17)

10,253

(190)

53

10,116

Net profit/(loss) after income tax from discontinued operations
Net profit/(loss) after income tax

Full year ended 30 Jun 2024

Interest income ²

61,044

–

–

61,044

Interest expense

(38,220)

–

–

(38,220)

Net interest income

22,824

–

–

22,824

Net other operating income

4,350

(271)

18

4,097

Total operating income

27,174

(271)

18

26,921

Operating expenses

(12,218)

(119)

–

(12,337)

Profit reconciliation

Net profit
after tax
"statutory
basis"
$M

Group

(802)

–

–

(802)

Net profit/(loss) before tax

14,154

(390)

18

13,782

Income tax (expense)/benefit

(4,318)

18

(1)

(4,301)

Net profit/(loss) after income tax from continuing operations

9,836

(372)

17

9,481

Net profit/(loss) after income tax from discontinued operations

11

(98)

–

(87)

9,847

(470)

17

9,394

Net profit/(loss) after income tax

1 These amounts include post-completion adjustments (such as purchase price adjustments, and finalisation of accounting adjustments for goodwill and foreign currency
reserves recycling), and transaction and separation costs associated with the previously announced divestments.
2 Interest income includes total effective interest income and other interest income.

Page

1. Basis of preparation

390

2. Financed emissions

392

3. Sector-level financed emissions goal and target methodology

400

4. Approach to climate scenario analysis

406

5. Our portfolio exposure to physical and transition risks

415

6. CBA Sustainability Funding Target

416

7. Group operational emissions

419

8. External sources

429

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Loan impairment expense

In this section

FINANCIAL REPORT

Hedging
and IFRS
volatility
$M

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Net profit
after tax
"cash basis"
$M

Gain/(loss) on
disposal and
acquisition of
controlled
entities ¹
$M

This section describes the basis of preparation,
reporting boundaries, calculations, methodologies,
assumptions and key references used to prepare
our climate disclosures.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

1 These amounts include post-completion adjustments (such as purchase price adjustments, and finalisation of accounting adjustments for goodwill and foreign currency
reserves recycling), and transaction and separation costs associated with the previously announced divestments. Economic hedges relating to divestments completed
in the current period were presented in Gain/(Loss) on disposal and acquisition of controlled entities.
2 Interest income includes total effective interest income and other interest income.

SUSTAINABILITY

(12,996)

Loan impairment expense

Climate
disclosures
appendix

CREATING VALUE

Hedging
and IFRS
volatility
$M

OVERVIEW

Net profit
after tax
"cash basis"
$M

Gain/(loss) on
disposal and
acquisition of
controlled
entities ¹
$M

390

391

Basis of preparation

The Bank’s climate disclosures have been prepared with reference to incoming Australian mandatory climate reporting
standards and market practice. Our focus for the next 12 months will be on preparing for compliance with mandatory
climate reporting obligations, which applies to our reporting period beginning on 1 July 2025.

Certain derived values (including percentages) are calculated using exact underlying raw data. As a result, these derived values
may not sum due to rounding and recalculating these numbers may lead to a different result.
Timing of climate impacts can vary, for the Bank we define the following time horizons, which have been applied to our climate
scenarios and climate risk materiality assessment (CRMA):

ASB 1

Further detail
see page(s)

Sector-level goals
Australian housing

401

Australian commercial property – office, retail and industrial

401

Transport – Australian road
(passenger and light commercial vehicle finance)

402

Transport – aviation

402

Heavy industry – steel, alumina, aluminium and cement

403–404

Sector-level targets
Power generation

402

Upstream oil and gas extraction

404

Thermal coal mining

404

Transport – shipping

403
392–399

• Short term (~3 years) to align with the Bank’s strategic planning cycle.

CBA Sustainability Funding Target (SFT)

416–418

• Medium term (~10 years) to align with the timeframe of when the Network for Greening the Financial System (NGFS)
physical impacts begin to diverge for the low versus high warming futures.

ASB Sustainability Funding Target 2 (SFT)

See ASB’s report

• Long term (~30 years) to align with the Bank’s home loan portfolio where home loans can be contractually agreed to for
up to 30 years.

Operational emissions

419–428

Learn more about climate scenario analysis and the CRMA on pages 149–158.

Subsequent events

We may restate previously reported climate-related metrics, goals and targets contained in this report. This may occur in
circumstances, including but not limited to, changes in data availability or calculation methodologies, identification of material
discrepancies or significant changes in our business model. Where we identify such a circumstance, we assess whether
restating prior period information is necessary. This decision is based on whether the circumstances materially affects the
metric, alters its interpretation or is needed for consistency across reports. Our assessment of materiality is based on a 5%
threshold, generally applied at the total metric level, such as operational emissions or financed emissions.

No transactions, other events or conditions occurring after the end of the reporting period and before the date of authorisation
of issue of this document have taken place that need to be disclosed in this report.

Any restatements made will be clearly identified throughout the report, and where a restatement is impractical, this will also
be identified.
For more information on our financed emissions restatement policy, see pages 393–394.

Assurance
PwC has provided limited assurance over CBA’s 30 June 2024 progress towards our 10 sector-level financed emissions goals
and five sector-level financed emissions targets and the 30 June 2025 progress towards CBA’s SFT. PwC has also provided
reasonable assurance for our total Group Scope 1 and 2 operational emissions and total energy consumption for Australia, and
limited assurance for percentage of electricity procured for the Group. Additionally, limited assurance has been provided for
selected sustainability metrics in our Australian operations, including water, total waste and office paper used.

1 ASB is not included in our sector-level financed emissions goals and targets. Given ASB is captured by mandatory climate reporting in New Zealand, ASB has
set its own sector-level target for New Zealand dairy. Progress and performance on its sector-level target will be published in ASB’s disclosure.
2 ASB’s SFT of NZ $6.5 billion against a 2022 baseline is tracked separately to CBA’s $70 billion SFT. See ASB’s disclosure for more information.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

PwC’s Assurance Reports are available at the end of this report on pages 430–437.

FINANCIAL REPORT

Changes in comparatives and prior year restatements

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Financed emissions

• Current term (within the next 12 months).

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

The presentation currency is Australian dollars (AUD), which aligns to the presentation currency used in the consolidated
financial statements, with amounts disclosed in billion dollars, rounded to the nearest one decimal place, unless
otherwise stated.

CBA

SUSTAINABILITY

We have applied the operational control approach to define our organisational boundary for our greenhouse gas
emissions inventory. Our greenhouse gas emissions inventory is prepared with reference to the GHG Protocol Corporate
Accounting and Reporting Standard, GHG Protocol Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3 Standard), Climate Active Carbon Neutral
Standard for Organisations and Partnership for Carbon Accounting for Financials (PCAF) Part A Financed Emissions Standard.
Our Australian Scope 1 and 2 emissions are prepared in accordance with the National Greenhouse Gas and Energy Reporting
Measurement Determination. For more information, see pages 392–399 and 419–428, respectively.

Metric

CREATING VALUE

The climate disclosures section contains climate-related metrics and exposures that relate to the full year ended 30 June
2025 with comparisons to the full year ended 30 June 2024, unless otherwise stated. Financed emissions and sector-level
goal and target progress are lagged due to customer emissions reporting cadences, and are therefore for the full year ended
30 June 2024 with comparisons to the full year ended 30 June 2023.

The below table outlines the entity-level reporting boundaries for our metrics. This is used for identifying data and/or
exposures to be considered for inclusion in each metric. Inclusion within the boundary reflects the scope of assessment
and does not imply there were exposures present in any given period. Further detail on specific sector boundaries are
provided in the sections that follow.

OVERVIEW

The climate disclosures relate to Commonwealth Bank of Australia (CBA) and its subsidiaries (together the Group or the
Bank). CBA includes activities provided under the Bankwest and Unloan brands, unless otherwise stated. Our wholly owned
subsidiary, ASB Bank Ltd (ASB), is not included within our climate-related processes and disclosures, unless otherwise stated.
ASB is required to report in line with New Zealand’s regulatory climate reporting regime. ASB has its own governance, strategy,
risk management, metrics, targets and processes for managing its climate-related risks and opportunities. This information
can be found in ASB’s Sustainability Report and Climate Statement. For climate metrics, goals and targets included in our
climate disclosures any significant exclusions are noted within our reporting boundaries on page 391 or are noted within
the report.

Reporting boundaries

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

1.

392

393

Financed emissions

This methodology is used for the financed emissions table on pages 164–165 of the Metrics and targets section.

The table below summarises the key methodological decisions that underpin our financed emissions methodology.

Scope – financial products
and services

The in-scope portfolio excludes finance and insurance, and government administration and
defence ANZSICs. Portfolios not assessed include consumer finance (excluding Australian
motor vehicle finance) and commercial property outside of Australia and New Zealand.

Scope – PCAF asset classes

Business loans and unlisted equity, residential mortgages, commercial real estate, project
finance and motor vehicle loans are in scope.

Scope – customer emissions

Customer Scope 1 and 2 emissions for all sectors in scope except for Australian agriculture
and power generation, which include Scope 1 emissions only. Customer Scope 3 emissions
for upstream oil and gas extraction, thermal coal mining or heavy industry. In power
generation, upstream oil and gas extraction, thermal coal mining and heavy industry, where
we have identified that a customer owns but does not operate certain assets, we include a
proportion of the emissions related to the operation of those assets within these customers’
Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions, following the equity share approach. In aviation and shipping,
where we have identified that a customer leases aircraft or vessels, we include the emissions
associated with the aircraft or vessel in the customer’s Scope 1 and 2 emissions.

Measurement – attribution

Financed emissions lag behind our Annual Report by one year given customer reporting
cadences. Our 2025 climate disclosures presents financed emissions as at 30 June 2024
and 30 June 2023 (our prior comparative period). When collecting customer emissions,
financial or activity data, we use the reported information closest to but prior to the
reporting period date.

In aviation and shipping, it is common for customers to lease aircraft and vessels. The emissions associated with these aircraft
and vessels would represent Scope 3 emissions for the customer. Where we identify such leases, for clarity of presentation
and consistency with our sector-level financed emissions goal and target, we include the emissions associated with the aircraft
or vessel in the customer’s Scope 1 and 2 emissions. For more information on Scope 3 measurement, see pages 402–403.
In line with the PCAF Standard, when we refer to our financed emissions this is absolute gross emissions. Where data allows,
we aim not to reflect our customers’ use of carbon credits, or customers’ avoided emissions or emissions removal. Where
we use customer-reported emissions in our estimates, our efforts are largely dependent on the availability of gross reported
emissions by third-party data providers, such as NGERS, Bloomberg and US EIA. Where we rely on estimation using emissions
factors, we prioritise the use of gross emissions where available, such as Exiobase (extracted from the PCAF database)
and Australian National Greenhouse Accounts. Due to the scale of our portfolio, we may not always be able to confirm that
emissions data is presented on a gross basis, this may improve over time with the adoption of mandatory reporting standards.

Limitations with diversified companies and data availability
To estimate our financed emissions, we generally allocate each customer to a specific sector, using ANZSIC codes.
Where emissions intensity multipliers are used, we calculate the emissions for that customer based on their allocated sector.
Accordingly, if a customer is diversified across business activities, the estimate of their emissions may lead to an under- or
overstatement of financed emissions at the sector level.
Financed emissions calculations use point-in-time financial data and also use emissions data reflecting a 12-month period.
There can be lags in customer emissions data which impacts alignment of timing with financial data.

Financed emissions restatement policy
Financed emissions methodologies and data continue to evolve. We may consider changing our baseline or restating prior
periods in circumstances including, but not limited to, changes in calculation methodologies or scope of goals and targets,
new information, changes in data availability and assurance expectations, identification of material discrepancies, or significant
changes in our or our customers’ business model.

1 Absolute emissions for Australian agriculture and power generation includes Scope 1 only.
2 The PCAF Standard provides a set of NACE codes for identification of these sectors. NACE is the abbreviation for the Statistical Classification of Economic
Activities in the European Community.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Where we identify such a circumstance, through the preparation of our disclosures, we consider materiality in determining
whether or not to change our baseline or restate prior periods. Factors that are considered include materiality in relation to
the Bank’s total reported financed emissions for the relevant period, and in relation to reported progress towards a relevant
sector-level goal or target. Our assessment of materiality is guided by consideration of the Corporate GHG Protocol, which

FINANCIAL REPORT

Reporting period

Following the PCAF data hierarchy, we prioritise the use of customer-level emissions
data, followed by activity and economic estimation. For our business lending portfolio, we
use reputable third-party data providers to increase our coverage of customer emissions
data. This includes Bloomberg, Australian Government Clean Energy Regulator National
Greenhouse and Energy Reporting Scheme (NGERS) and United States Energy Information
Administration (US EIA). For customers in-scope of our sector-level financed emissions
goals and targets, we also conduct primary research for customer emissions data.

In general, we calculate our financed emissions using estimates of customers’ Scope 1 and 2 emissions. 1 We consider the
availability of Scope 3 data and methodologies on a sector-by-sector basis. 2 This year we have continued to include Scope 3
emissions for our thermal coal mining, upstream oil and gas extraction, and heavy industry portfolios, reflecting a relatively
high coverage of customer-reported activity data or Scope 3 emissions across these sectors. Due to limited availability of
customer-reported emissions we do not include Scope 3 emissions for some business lending sectors prescribed by PCAF
for inclusion from 2023 onwards, such as other mining, other manufacturing and transport. We do not estimate Scope
3 emissions for commercial property and Australian housing due to limited available embodied carbon emissions data
and methodologies.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Measurement – customer
emissions

For business loans and project finance, the attribution factor numerator is in-scope
drawn lending and the attribution factor denominator is total company equity plus debt or
enterprise value including cash (EVIC). For housing, the attribution factor is loan-to-value
ratio (LVR), which is the outstanding loan amount divided by the value at origination. For
Australian commercial property, the attribution factor is outstanding loan amount divided by
property value. For road transport, the attribution factor is outstanding loan amount divided
by the vehicle value at origination.

Scope – customer emissions

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Methodology choice

At this stage, we do not estimate emissions for the sovereign debt asset class due to the concentration of our exposure in
Australia and the lack of an established methodology for sub-sovereign and municipal counterparties. We do not calculate
insurance-associated emissions, as they are not relevant to our current business operations.

SUSTAINABILITY

Methodology decision

We have observed recent developments in financed emissions frameworks including the publication of ‘Part B’ of the PCAF
Standard, which includes a new methodology for facilitated emissions. In 2025 we explored methods to estimate facilitated
emissions, however we do not currently report facilitated emissions or include these in our goals or targets due to relatively low
materiality and methodology limitations.

CREATING VALUE

The scope of our financed emissions calculations

We continue to calculate the financed emissions of our business lending portfolio (including project finance), Australian
commercial property, Australian and New Zealand housing, New Zealand commercial property and Australian motor
vehicle finance. The in-scope portfolio excludes finance and insurance, and government administration and defence ANZSICs.
Portfolios not assessed include consumer finance (excluding Australian motor vehicle finance) and commercial property
outside of Australia and New Zealand.

OVERVIEW

This year we continued to evolve our internal capabilities to calculate our financed emissions to support our ability to report on
and deliver against our sector-level financed emissions goals and targets. This included simplifying the data we use to estimate
financed emissions for the Australian agriculture sector, updating the calculations for the Australian commercial property sector
to incorporate updates to Federal Government datasets and other changes to more closely align with the PCAF Standard.

Scope – financial products and services

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

2.

394

395

Emissions measurement approach

Estimating emissions for the housing sector

We measure the emissions of our loans associated with CBA, Bankwest, ASB, Unloan and Residential Mortgage Group (RMG).

For the business lending portfolio (including project finance), we follow the PCAF business loans data hierarchy. This approach
enables the assignment of a data quality score from one to five (highest to lowest) which accounts for the varying levels of
estimations and uncertainty in a customer’s emissions. The table below outlines the options and formulas applied for any
sectors where the measurement framework applied is PCAF business loans. All sectors in the business lending asset class
follow this methodology. Where we have refined the approach for a sector, such as for Australian agriculture, more information
is provided below. The business lending asset class does not include commercial property, housing and motor vehicle finance.

Australian housing

Data
quality
score
Option

1. Collect location-specific average energy consumption benchmarks. 3 For electricity these are stratified by state, climate
zone and household size, for gas these are stratified by state and household size, for LPG these are stratified by state.
Estimation methodology

In-scope drawn lending

Emissions are estimated based on customer-specific emissions
data, which have been verified 2 by a third-party auditor (data quality
score of 1) or are unverified (data quality score of 2). This approach is
applied to all sectors, where customers can be identified in reputable
emissions data sources (Bloomberg, NGERS and US EIA). For
customers included in our sector-level financed emissions goals and
targets we may also collect emissions from other sources, including
directly from customers.

Total company equity +
debt or EVIC 1

Customer
activity
– based
estimation

In-scope drawn lending
Total company equity +
debt or EVIC
x Customer activity
x Activity emissions factor

4

In-scope drawn lending
Total company equity +
debt or EVIC

Emissions are estimated based on sector-level economic emissions
intensity factors (tCO2-e/$revenue). Where company revenue and
financials are known, this method was applied to customers not inscope of a sector-level financed emissions goal or target.

x Customer revenue
Economic
estimation
– $lent

In-scope drawn lending x
Sector asset emissions factor 3

4. Calculate an estimate of absolute emissions for each household by multiplying the energy consumption by a relevant
emissions factor. 5
5. Attribute our share of the household emissions by multiplying the household emissions by the outstanding loan value
divided by the value of the security at origination.
Where number of bedrooms and property location is known we assign a PCAF score of 4, where unknown we assign a PCAF
Score of 5.

New Zealand housing
We include material greenhouse gases related to New Zealand housing, reported in CO2-e, including: Scope 1 emissions
relating to the burning of natural gas, LPG, wood, and coal for cooking and heating; and Scope 2 emissions from the use of
grid electricity in the household.
To calculate New Zealand housing emissions, the following steps are used:
1. Collect New Zealand’s total residential energy consumption from the 2023 Ministry of Business, Innovation & Employment
Energy Balance Report.
2. Calculate energy consumption per dwelling by dividing the total energy consumption from step 1 by the number of
dwelling units in New Zealand, sourced from Stats NZ.

x Sector revenue emissions factor 3
5

3. Calculate the estimated energy consumption for each household by assigning the relevant benchmarks.

Emissions are estimated based on sector-level economic emissions
intensity factors (tCO2-e/$lent). This method is applied to all sectors
where customer emissions, production or financial data is not available.

3. Calculate energy consumption per square metre by dividing the energy consumption per dwelling from step 2 by the
average floor area. The average floor area is calculated using building consent data from Stats NZ.
4. Calculate an emissions factor per square metre by multiplying the energy consumption per square metre calculated in step
3 by the relevant emissions factor from the latest Ministry for the Environment Measuring Emissions Guidance (2025).

6. Attribute our share of the household emissions by multiplying the household emissions by the LVR, or the outstanding loan
value divided by the value of the security at origination.
7. Where floor area is known we assign a PCAF score of 4, where unknown we assign a PCAF score of 5.

2 Where we have reported emissions, but have not confirmed verification by a third-party auditor, we assign a data quality score of 2. At this stage, this includes
emissions sourced from databases such as NGERS and Bloomberg.
3 Revenue and sector asset emissions factors are sourced from Exiobase and extracted from the PCAF Database, excluding New Zealand, Australian
agriculture and sectors for which we have set financed emissions goals or targets. Refer to the PCAF Database Terms of Use for more information at:
https://db.carbonaccountingfinancials.com/docs/PCAF%20Database_Terms%20of%20Use_042023.pdf. For information on emissions factors for
Australian agriculture, refer to page 397. For information on emissions factors for sectors for which we have set financed emissions goals or targets, refer to
pages 400 – 405. For our New Zealand portfolio, sector revenue and sector asset emissions factors are derived using data from Statistics New Zealand, Ministry
for Environment, and Energy Efficiency and Conservation Authority.

1 HELs and HELOCs include Viridian Line of Credits (VLOCs), ASB Orbit and ASB HomePlus products.
2 The inclusion of guarantor properties in the Australian housing portfolio has been assessed as immaterial.
3 Electricity and gas benchmarks are based on the Australian Energy Regulator electricity and gas benchmark dataset 2020. LPG benchmarks are based on the
Australian Energy Statistics residential sector statistics. WA and NT did not have benchmark data, therefore benchmark data for QLD and NSW was used as
they have similar climate zones. For NT and WA regions where the climate zone was 1, 2 or 3, QLD data was used. For WA with climate zone 4 or greater, NSW
was used.
4 Number of bedrooms table, 2021 Census All Persons QuickStats.
5 Based on the Australian National Greenhouse Accounts published in the year of the reporting period.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

1 EVIC is defined by PCAF as the sum of market capitalisation of ordinary shares at fiscal year end, the market capitalisation of preferred shares at fiscal
year end, and the book value of total debt and minorities’ interests. No deduction of cash or cash equivalents are made to avoid the possibility of negative
enterprise values.

FINANCIAL REPORT

5. Calculate an estimate of absolute emissions for each household by multiplying the emissions factor by building floor area.
If floor area is not available we apply the portfolio average floor area per dollar lent.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Economic
estimation
–
$revenue

Emissions are estimated based on primary activity data for the
company’s production and emissions factors specific to the
production. Where customer production and financials data
were available, this approach was applied to estimate emissions
for thermal coal mining, upstream oil and gas extraction, and
power generation.

2. Calculate an estimate of household size, by multiplying the number of bedrooms (sourced from an external data provider)
by the ratio of average number of people per household (2.5) and average number of bedrooms per dwelling (3.1), sourced
from the Australian Bureau of Statistics (ABS) 2021 Census data. 4 If number of bedrooms is not available, we apply a
portfolio-based state average by dwelling type (apartment or house).

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Formula

x Customer emissions

3

To calculate Australian housing emissions, the following steps are used:

SUSTAINABILITY

1 or 2 Customer
emissions

We include material greenhouses gases related to Australian housing, reported in CO2-e, including: Scope 1 emissions relating
to the burning of natural gas and liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) for cooking and heating; and Scope 2 emissions from the use
of grid electricity in the household.

CREATING VALUE

Estimating emissions for business lending

OVERVIEW

For the Australian and New Zealand housing portfolios, we measure the emissions for on-balance sheet loans for the purchase
and refinance of residential property. Home Equity Loans (HELs) and Home Equity Lines of Credit (HELOCs) 1 are not included
in financed emissions for this sector given these products are considered consumer loans for general purposes, with unknown
use of proceeds. Australian home loans used to construct or renovate a house are also included once construction is complete,
and the customer has received their final draw down. New Zealand housing includes home loans used to construct or renovate
a house at the date of the first draw down. Due to data limitations we currently include guarantor properties in our Australian
housing portfolio. 2

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

points to a 5% of total inventory threshold as a ‘rule of thumb’ for determining materiality, but also notes that the full context
should be considered. As such, where a recalculation falls beneath that 5% threshold, we may also consider the circumstances
of the recalculation to guide our assessment. In circumstances where a restatement impacts a sector-level goal or target, or
our progress towards a sector-level goal or target, we then provide an explanation and drivers of this change. Restatements
are brought to the attention of the relevant management-level governance committee prior to inclusion in external reporting.

396

397

Estimating emissions for the Australian motor vehicle finance sector

Australian commercial property consists of secured and unsecured loans that are classified as being for the purchase and
refinance of commercial property based on the customer’s ANZSIC classification. 1 Due to data availability this includes
general corporate finance to customers whose primary business activity is commercial real estate.

Australian motor vehicle finance consists of financing for the specific purpose of purchasing motor vehicles, including
passenger vehicles, light commercial vehicles, motorcycles, buses and heavy vehicles. 1 Emissions from these vehicles are CO2
only, or CO2-e subject to data limitations. This is comprised of Scope 1 tailpipe emissions relating to fuel consumption; and
Scope 2 emissions from the use of grid electricity to power EVs.

1. Where National Australian Built Environment Rating System (NABERS) whole building data exists for a property, collect
electricity and gas consumption values from the NABERS ratings register.
2. Where NABERS whole building data does not exist for a property, but where building type and location are known:

b. Calculate the estimated energy consumption for each property by assigning the relevant benchmarks.

1. Source vehicle type 2, make and model from internal systems.
2. Collect average emissions intensity (gCO2 /vehicle km) for each vehicle make and model from reputable external sources
including Glass’s and the Green Vehicle Guide. 3 Where data is not available, emissions factors for each vehicle type derived
from Bureau of Infrastructure and Transport Research Economics (BITRE) are used. 4 Where vehicle type, make and model
are unknown but the vehicle has been verified as an EV or hybrid, then the emissions intensity is conservatively assumed
to be 120 gCO2 /vehicle km. 5
3. Collect average energy consumption (Wh/vehicle km) for each power EV make and model, from the Green Vehicle Guide.
Calculate the average Scope 2 emissions intensity (gCO2-e/vehicle km) by multiplying this by a relevant emissions factor. 6

3. Calculate an estimate of absolute emissions for each property by multiplying the energy consumption by a relevant
emissions factor. 3

4. Collect average annual distance travelled for each vehicle type from BITRE. 7

4. Attribute our share of the property emissions by multiplying the property emissions by the attribution factor which is the
outstanding loan value 4 divided by the value of the property. 5

6. Attribute our share of absolute emissions by multiplying the absolute emissions by the attribution factor (outstanding loan
value divided by the value of the asset at origination). Where value at origination is not known, for example, unsecured
loans, an attribution factor of 100% is assumed.

We assign a PCAF data quality score of 2 where NABERS whole building data exists, and a score of 5 in all other cases.
Our estimation of emissions for commercial buildings is dependent on the coverage and accuracy of available property-level
information. We expect to refine our approach over time, including incorporating new sources of property-level data as these
become available.

New Zealand commercial property consists of lending for specific corporate purposes, where the property is used for
commercial purposes such as retail, hotels, office space, industrial or large multi-family rentals.
We include material greenhouse gases related to New Zealand commercial property operations, reported in CO2-e, including:
Scope 1 emissions relating to the burning of gas; and Scope 2 emissions from the use of electricity in the building.
To calculate New Zealand commercial property emissions, the following steps are used:
1. Electricity and gas consumption values are provided on a per metre squared and per premise category from the Building
Research Association of New Zealand (BRANZ) Building Energy End-Use Study report.

Estimating emissions for the Australian agriculture sector
Australian agriculture consists of loans for the primary purpose of agriculture primary production. 8
Our financed emissions estimation for Australian agriculture includes Scope 1 emissions only. For livestock, this includes the
most material emissions sources of enteric fermentation, manure management and agricultural soils. For grains and cropping,
this includes agriculture soils, field burning of agriculture residues, urea application, liming and rice cultivation. Scope 2
emissions, land-use change and removals emissions are not included due to data and methodology availability. We continue to
explore introducing estimates of our land-use change and removals emissions.
For a small portion of our Australian agriculture customers, we are able to use customer reported emissions. In all other
cases we estimate financed emissions using economic emissions factors. From this year, we no longer apply the customer
activity-based emissions estimation method for this sector due to data limitations. We have restated the prior comparative
period to conform with this methodology change.
The following steps are used to calculate Australian agriculture emissions using economic emissions factors:

3. An emissions intensity per square metre for each premise type is calculated by multiplying the energy consumption
per square metre (from step 1) by a relevant emissions factor from the latest Ministry for the Environment Measuring
Emissions Guidance (2025).

2. Convert these revenue emissions factors to commodity specific asset emissions factors (tCO2e/$) by multiplying the
revenue emissions factors by a commodity asset turnover ratio. 10

4. Calculate an estimate of absolute emissions for each building by multiplying the emissions intensity by the floor area
of each building.

6. We assign a PCAF score of 4 where property data is available, and a score of 5 in all other cases.

4. We assign a PCAF data quality score of 1 or 2 where customer reported emissions data exists, and a score of 5 in all other cases.
Agriculture data is complex, our estimation for Australian agriculture is dependent on publicly available data for estimation and
coverage and accuracy of available customer information. We may refine our approach over time, including incorporating new
sources of customer emissions as these become available.
1

Motor vehicle finance includes commercial asset finance and consumer personal loans. Legacy Bankwest personal loans are excluded due to data limitations.

2

Vehicles are mapped to the following BITRE vehicle types: Passenger and light commercial vehicles (passenger cars, motorcycles, light commercial vehicles),
buses and heavy vehicles (rigid and articulated trucks). Refer to page 429 for source.

3

Emissions factors are sourced from Glass’s and from the Green Vehicle Guide. See page 429 for source websites.

4

Emissions factors by vehicle type derived from the BITRE yearbook. See page 429 for source.

5

Based on product eligibility criteria as of July 2024. This threshold was reduced to 75 gCO 2 /vehicle km in 2025. At this time, we retain the original threshold
at this time. See page 429 for source.

6

Based on the Australian National Greenhouse Accounts.

2 Benchmarks derived by dividing the electricity and gas consumption data and the number of buildings by building type, climate zone and Statistical Area Level 4
from the 2024 Commercial Building Baseline Study (CBBS).

7

Average distance travelled by vehicle type sourced from the BITRE yearbook. See page 429 for source.

8

Australian agriculture exposures include ANZSIC subdivision 01 (Agriculture), excluding lending by ASB.

3 Based on the Australian National Greenhouse Accounts published in the year of the reporting period.

9

Commodity specific emissions factors derived by dividing the relevant Scope 1 emissions sourced from the 2023 Australian National Greenhouse Accounts
Paris Agreement inventory by commodity economic data (gross value of farm value) sourced from the corresponding Australian Bureau of Agriculture and
Resource Economics and Science (ABARES) agriculture commodities statistical tables.

4 Where loans were linked to multiple securities, the drawn exposure was apportioned to each security using the valuation amounts as weights.
5 In line with PCAF, where we are unable to use value at origination, due to data availability, the value of the security is fixed at the most recent value available at
the time the financed emissions goal for this sector was set. In addition, we have excluded aged valuations data for certain exposures in order to ensure that the
valuation is relevant to our baseline year for the goal.

10 Commodity asset turnover ratio derived by dividing the three-year average of cash receipts by the sum of the average farm business equity and debt sourced
from ABARES National farm survey data.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

1 Australian commercial property exposure includes ANZSIC 771 Property operators and developers (excluding developers, vacant land, caravan parks and
camping grounds) and property trusts identified in ANZSIC 732 Deposit taking financiers. The ANZSIC classification system does not provide this granularity.
We use our internal industry classification system to identify these exposures.

3. Calculate financed emissions by multiplying the in-scope drawn lending amount by the relevant asset emissions
factor. Commodity specific asset emissions factors are allocated to our exposures based on each customer’s ANZSIC
classification. For customers classified under a mixed farming ANZSIC, we derive a relevant asset emissions factor by
averaging the commodity specific revenue emissions factor of each applicable commodity within the ANZSIC and multiply
it by the relevant asset turnover ratio.

FINANCIAL REPORT

5. Attribute our share of the commercial property emissions by multiplying the commercial property emissions by the
outstanding loan value divided by the value of the security at origination. Where the property data is unavailable, the
portfolio average is used to estimate emissions.

1. Collect commodity specific revenue emissions factors (tCO2e/$revenue). 9

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

2. The premise category emissions intensity per square metre are mapped to ASB’s commercial real estate industry
categories. Residential buildings use the emissions factors derived for the residential mortgage asset class.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Estimating emissions for the New Zealand commercial property sector

Where the vehicle make and model is known we assign a PCAF score of 3. Where the vehicle make and model is unknown but
the specific vehicle type is known (for instance, buses or verified passenger cars) then we assign a PCAF score of 4. In all other
cases we assign a PCAF score of 5.

SUSTAINABILITY

Where property data is not available, the portfolio average is used to estimate emissions. We do this at a customer level by
applying the average Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions per customer where building data is available.

5. Calculate an estimate of absolute emissions for each vehicle by multiplying the distance travelled by the emissions intensity.

CREATING VALUE

a. Collect Australian energy consumption benchmarks for electricity and gas, stratified by building type, climate zone
and Statistical Area Level 4. 2

To calculate Australian motor vehicle finance emissions, the following steps are used:
OVERVIEW

We include material greenhouse gases related to Australian commercial property operations, reported in CO2-e, including:
Scope 1 emissions relating to the burning of gas; and Scope 2 emissions from the use of grid electricity in the building.
To calculate Australian commercial property emissions, the following steps are used for our secured portfolio where building
type and location are known:

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Estimating emissions for the Australian commercial property sector

398

399

Emissions measurement

Emissions measurement
Sector

Emissions
scopes

GHG

Methodology

Emissions
scopes

GHG

Methodology

Attribution

Inclusions criteria 1

Agriculture
forestry and
fishing

1, 2 2, 3

CO2-e

PCAF:
Business loans

In-scope drawn lending/
total equity + debt or EVIC

ANZSIC Division A (Agriculture,
forestry and fishing)

Australian
agriculture

1

CO2-e

PCAF:
Business loans

In-scope drawn lending/
total equity + debt or EVIC

ANZSIC subdivision 01 (Agriculture)

New Zealand
agriculture

1, 2 3

CO2-e

PCAF:
Business loans

In-scope drawn lending/
total equity + debt or EVIC

ANZSIC subdivision 01 (Agriculture)

Mining

1, 2, 3 4

CO2-e 5

PCAF:
Business loans

In-scope drawn lending/
total equity + debt or EVIC

ANZSIC Division B (Mining)

Upstream oil and
gas extraction

1, 2, 3 4

CO2 5

PCAF:
Business loans

In-scope drawn lending/
total equity + debt or EVIC

ANZSIC: 1511, 1512 and 1200,
or >5% revenue threshold 6

Outstanding balance/
ANZSIC 771 Property operators and
property value at origination developers (excluding developers,
vacant land, caravan parks and
camping grounds) and property
trusts identified in ANZSIC 732
(Deposit taking financiers)

Thermal coal
mining

1, 2, 3 4

CO2 5

PCAF:
Business loans

In-scope drawn lending/
total equity + debt or EVIC

ANZSIC: 1101 and 1102, or >5%
revenue threshold 6

CO2-e 5

PCAF:
Business loans

In-scope drawn lending/
total equity + debt or EVIC

ANZSIC Division D (Electricity, gas
and water supply)

Power generation

1

CO2 5

PCAF:
Business loans

In-scope drawn lending/
total equity + debt or EVIC

ANZSIC: 3611, ≥$1 million TCE 7,
or >5% revenue threshold 6

In-scope drawn lending/
asset value at origination

Manufacturing

1, 2, 3 8

CO2-e

PCAF:
Business loans

In-scope drawn lending/
total equity + debt or EVIC

ANZSIC Division C (Manufacturing)

Heavy industry

1, 2, 3

CO2-e

PCAF:
Business loans

In-scope drawn lending/
total equity + debt or EVIC

ANZSIC: 2721, 2722, 2711, 2631,
or >5% revenue threshold 6

Transport and
storage

1, 2 9

CO2-e

PCAF:
Business loans

In-scope drawn lending/
total equity + debt or EVIC

ANZSIC Division I (Transport and
storage)

Shipping

1, 2 9

CO2-e

PCAF:
Business loans

In-scope drawn lending/
total equity + debt or EVIC

ANZSIC: 6301, 6302, 6303, 7742
≥$5 million TCE

Aviation

1, 2 9

CO2-e

PCAF:
Business loans

In-scope drawn lending/
total equity + debt or EVIC

ANZSIC: 6401, 6402, 6403, 7742
≥$5 million TCE

Other business
lending

1, 2

CO2-e

PCAF:
Business loans

In-scope drawn lending/
total equity + debt or EVIC

All other business lending exposures

Attribution

Inclusions criteria

Business lending

Housing
CO2-e

PCAF:
Mortgages

Outstanding loan value/
value at origination

Australian residential mortgages,
excluding HELs and HELOCs

New Zealand
housing

1, 2

CO2-e

PCAF:
Mortgages

Outstanding loan value/
value at origination

ASB residential mortgages,
excluding Orbit and
Homeplus products

Commercial property

1, 2

CO2-e

CO2-e

PCAF:
Commercial
real estate

PCAF:
Commercial
real estate

Outstanding balance/
property value 1

ANZSIC 771 Property operators and
developers (excluding developers,
vacant land, caravan parks and
camping grounds) and property
trusts identified in ANZSIC 732
(Deposit taking financiers)

Electricity gas and 1, 2 2
water supply

Australian motor
vehicle finance

1, 2

CO2 2

PCAF: Motor
vehicle loans

Asset finance (including consumer
personal loans 3) to road vehicles
including passenger and light
commercial vehicles, motorcycles,
buses and heavy vehicles

Absolute emissions for Australian agriculture and power generation includes Scope 1 only, for more details on our methodology refer to pages 392–399.

3

In New Zealand agriculture only Scope 1 biological methane and nitrous oxide emissions have been included when emissions reports have been obtained for
customers in the dairy sector.

4

Scope 3 is ‘Use of Sold Products’ (Category 11 only) and is measured only for upstream oil and gas extraction and thermal coal mining.

5

Absolute emissions for thermal coal mining, upstream oil and gas extraction, and power generation are CO 2 only, or CO 2 -e, subject to data limitations.

6

Diversified customers outside of the listed ANZSIC codes that are identified, based on business knowledge, as having more than 5% of their revenue from the
relevant business activity (‘Sector scope’) are included within the scope of the goal or target.

1 In line with PCAF, where we are unable to use value at origination due to data availability the value of the security is fixed at the most recent value available at the
time that the financed emissions goal for this sector was set. In addition, we have excluded aged valuations data for certain exposures in order to ensure that the
valuation is relevant to our baseline year for the goal.

7

Counterparties with exposure less than the specified threshold are generally excluded from the sector-level target unless it is identified they have available
information (emissions or financials) or were previously included in the sector-level target.

8

Scope 3 is measured only for heavy industry.

2 Absolute emissions for Australian motor vehicle finance are CO 2 only, or CO 2 -e, subject to data limitations.

9

Scope 3 Category 13 (Downstream Leased Assets only) emissions of aviation and shipping lessors (reflecting the Scope 1 and 2 emissions of their lessees)
are included within Scope 1 and 2 emissions in our financed emissions disclosure.

3 Due to data limitations, vehicle financing within legacy Bankwest personal loan products, which are no longer offered, are excluded from scope.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

2

FINANCIAL REPORT

For customers captured in sector-level financed emissions goal or target reporting, scope of sector is aligned to sector-level goal or target inclusion criteria.
For power generation, thermal coal mining, upstream oil and gas extraction, and heavy industry if a customer is excluded based on the sector inclusion criteria
they are reallocated to the respective parent category. For all other customers, customers are reported based on ANZSIC classification.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

1

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Motor vehicle finance

SUSTAINABILITY

New Zealand
commercial
property

1, 2

CREATING VALUE

1, 2

OVERVIEW

Australian
housing

Australian
commercial
property

Sector

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Financed emissions sector methodology

400

401

Sector-level financed emissions goal and target methodology
This methodology is used for the sector-level goal and target graphs on pages 116–129 of the Strategy section.

Where customers have diversified business activities across multiple sector-level goals and/or targets, we seek to isolate the
relevant sectoral component of their emissions. Subject to data availability, the relevant sectoral component of their emissions
is calculated using customer-reported emissions or with reference to their production in that sector-level goal or target sector.

For each sector, this involves setting boundaries to define the emissions a customer is responsible for and collecting the required
data to measure the emissions. We use ANZSIC codes as well as business knowledge to assign customers to the most appropriate
part of the value chain. The table on page 405 defines the sector scope for each of our sector-level goals and targets.

Approach by sector

Selecting goal and target metrics

The goal metric is an intensity metric (kgCO2-e/m2) calculated by dividing attributed Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions
(kgCO2-e) from Australian housing (as described on page 395) by attributed living area (m2). Attributed living area is calculated
as household floor space (as provided by an external data provider) multiplied by the outstanding loan value divided by the
value of the security at origination. Where living area data is not available we apply a portfolio average based on property
specific attributes such as state, building type and number of bedrooms.

We have found:

• Emissions intensity goals or targets are appropriate when the output in question may in fact grow, but at a decreasing
emissions intensity. These intensity goals or targets should be based on physical metrics, for example kWh for power
generation or m2 for housing.
For emissions intensity goals or targets, an aggregation method is required to produce a portfolio metric. For power
generation, heavy industry, aviation and road transport we use the attributed generation or production method. This approach
divides the total attributed emissions by the total attributed activity. For Australian housing and Australian commercial
property, we calculate a portfolio emissions intensity by dividing the total attributed emissions by the total attributed living
area or floor area, respectively.

When selecting reference scenarios, three criteria are important to us:
1. Consistent with limiting global warming to 1.5°C.
2. From credible, independent and reputable sources and are informed by science, with limited or no overshoot 1 and
a conservative reliance on negative emissions technologies.
3. Providing geographical and sectoral relevance.

The goal metric is an intensity metric (kgCO2-e/m2). Where building data is available, this is calculated by dividing attributed
Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions (kgCO2-e) from Australian commercial property (as described on page 396) by attributed floor
area (m2). Attributed floor area is calculated as floor space (where available from NABERS) multiplied by the attribution factor,
or outstanding loan value divided by the value of the security.2 Where floor area data is not available, we apply an average floor
area, sourced from the 2024 CBBS, based on property specific attributes such as location and building type. Where building
data is not available, emissions intensity is estimated using the sub-sectoral average.3
The selected reference scenario is from the SBTi Buildings target-setting tool (Version 1.0), using the SBTi tool’s Australian
pathways for ‘office’, ‘retail shopping mall’, and ‘other’ for office, retail and industrial buildings, respectively. We have changed
our base year from 2022 to 2024 as the 2024 CBBS does not provide the information necessary to update 2022 figures
or use 2023 figures. We use national average emissions intensity for each building type (office: 62.7 kgCO2-e/m2, retail:
60.2 kgCO2-e/m2, industrial: 37.2 kgCO2-e/m2) for the SBTi tool base year of 2024, derived from the 2024 CBBS and
National Greenhouse Accounts emissions factors published in 2024.

1 Office: CBBS ‘offices’, Retail: CBBS ‘retail and wholesale trade buildings’, Industrial: CBBS ‘warehouses’, ‘factories & other secondary production buildings’,
‘agricultural and aquacultural buildings’ and ‘other industrial buildings not elsewhere classified’.
1 The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) defines a ‘No overshoot’ 1.5°C pathway as: those that give at least 50% probability based on current
knowledge of limiting global warning to below 1.5°C. The IPCC defines a ‘Limited overshoot’ 1.5°C pathway as: those that limit warming to below 1.6°C and
return to 1.5°C by 2100.
2 Including exposures to customers that operate in Australia but also have global operations.

2 In line with PCAF, where we are unable to use value at origination due to data availability, the value of the security is fixed at the most recent value available at
the time the financed emissions goal for this sector was set. In addition, we have excluded aged valuations data for certain exposures in order to ensure the
valuation is relevant to our baseline year for the target.
3 Financed emissions for these exposures without building data are estimated in accordance with our financed emissions methodology outlined on
pages 392–399.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

To address this and in the absence of a consistent set of Australia-specific sectoral reference scenarios aligned with the IEA
NZE (2021) – our reference scenario for global portfolios – we have sought alternative reference scenarios for portfolios
with exposures concentrated in Australia. 2 This includes scenarios produced by Science Based Targets Initiative (SBTi) tools,

Australian commercial property consists of secured and unsecured loans that are classified as being for the purchase and
refinance of commercial property based on the customer’s ANZSIC classification. Due to data availability this includes general
corporate finance to customers whose primary business activity is commercial real estate. Separate goals are presented
for three key sub-sectors: office, retail and industrial. This recognises each sub-sector’s individual materiality and differing
energy consumption patterns, and enables decarbonisation strategies that are most relevant to each sub-sector. Where CBA
had less than $5 million of exposures to a customer at the reporting date, the customer was excluded from the scope of the
goal in order to focus data collection efforts on more material exposures. Where building data is available, we assign each
in-scope exposure to a sub-sector based on a mapping between our internal building type classification and the building
type classifications used within the 2024 CBBS. 1 Where building data is not available, we assign the in-scope exposure to a
sub-sector based on the distribution of the portfolio with building data. In our 2024 Climate Report we referred to the 2022
CBBS. This year we have updated our approach to incorporate the 2024 CBBS.

FINANCIAL REPORT

We analyse various scenarios which are widely used by the industry. In May 2021, the International Energy Agency (IEA)
published the Net Zero Emissions by 2050 scenario (NZE 2050) which shows a pathway for the global economy to achieve
net zero emissions 20 years earlier than the previous Sustainable Development Scenario (SDS). We have selected the IEA NZE
(2021), which is consistent with limiting global warming to 1.5°C, as our reference scenario for thermal coal mining, power
generation, upstream oil and gas extraction, aviation and shipping. The NZBA identifies the IEA NZE (2021) as a scenario
that meets the objectives of the NZBA commitment. A global 1.5°C-aligned reference scenario does not necessarily reflect
Australia’s starting point or emissions trajectory.

Australian commercial property – Office, retail and industrial

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Selecting reference scenarios

The selected reference scenario is from the SBTi Residential Buildings target-setting tool (consultation draft, Version
1), using our financed emissions intensity (38.8 kgCO2-e/m2) for the base year of 2021. We have used our own portfolio
emissions intensity for the base year as an appropriate Australian average figure was not available at the time the goal was set.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

• Absolute emissions goals or targets are most appropriate in sectors where science indicates the output has to be
reduced substantially and, in some cases, completely by 2050 to limit global warming to 1.5°C. Data limitations may
also support setting an interim goal or target based on absolute emissions, for example in the shipping sector.

Australian housing
SUSTAINABILITY

In line with Net Zero Banking Alliance (NZBA) guidance, we set goals and targets using absolute emissions or physical
intensity. However, we may choose to use other metrics, for example absolute financing, where relevant.

CREATING VALUE

Defining the sector scope

Diversified customers

OVERVIEW

We take a sector-level approach to measure and track the alignment of our financed emissions with pathways to limiting
global warming to 1.5°C. For sectors where we have set sector-level financed emissions goals or targets, we aim to measure
customer emissions across a defined component of the sector scope that captures the most material emissions within the
value chain, and set reduction goals and targets that are consistent with limiting global warming to 1.5°C, based on science.
In order to achieve this, there are a series of additional methodological considerations for our sector-level financed emissions
goals and targets. The table on page 405 summarises key choices.

In 2024, the IEA published an updated World Energy Outlook which included an updated NZE scenario. We reviewed the
emissions trajectory of that scenario and have chosen to retain the 2021 version as our reference scenario for thermal coal
mining, upstream oil and gas extraction, as well as for our more recent goal and target for the aviation and shipping sectors.
We will continue to monitor the latest climate science to ensure relevance of our selected reference scenarios and we expect to
update them over time. This includes, at minimum, an annual review process to assess updates to relevant reference scenarios
and target setting tools. In accordance with NZBA guidance we expect to perform a review of each target every five years from
the time it was set. Certain circumstances, such as significant updates to the relevant science or government policies, may
also trigger a review.

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

3.

Mission Possible Partnership (MPP) and United Nations Principles of Responsible Investment-commissioned Inevitable Policy
Response (IPR). These scenarios build on the IEA NZE (2021).

402

403

The power generation sector includes the generation of electricity. These are our customers who generate significant revenue
from electricity generation. This includes customers with more than 5% of revenue from thermal coal electricity generation.
Customers with less than $1 million of exposures are generally excluded. For power generation, the alignment metric is
kgCO2 /MWh, an intensity metric reflects the critical role of power generation in the economy. Where data is not available,
emissions are estimated using the customer’s reported generation and grid specific physical emissions intensity factors from
the relevant regional body, for example National Greenhouse Accounts for Australia or equivalent source outside of Australia.
Zero Scope 1 emissions are assumed for renewable customers unless customer reported emissions are available.

The shipping sector includes customers that operate ocean-going vessels, and ocean-going vessel lessors to such operators.¹
Where CBA had less than $5 million of TCE to a customer at the reporting date, the customer was excluded from the scope of
the target to focus data collection efforts on more material exposures.

Transport – Australian road (passenger and light commercial vehicle finance)
The Australian road (passenger and light commercial vehicle) sector includes lending for the finance of passenger vehicles
and light commercial vehicles. 1 Passenger vehicles include both cars and motorcycles. We have chosen a combined goal,
recognising that many light commercial vehicles are used primarily as passenger vehicles and the decarbonisation profile is
expected to be similar across these vehicle types.

Our sector-level financed emissions goal for road transport is a Scope 1 intensity goal, to align to the scope of the reference
scenario. However, we include Scope 2 absolute emissions for this sector within our financed emissions disclosure.

Transport – Aviation
The aviation sector includes customers that are commercial airline operators that offer scheduled services, and aircraft
lessors to such operators. 3 Where CBA had less than $5 million of TCE to a customer at the reporting date, the customer
was excluded from the scope of the goal in order to focus data collection efforts on more material exposures.

However, we include Scope 2 (Scope 3 ‘indirect electricity’ for lessors) absolute emissions for this sector, which are generally
minimal, within our financed emissions disclosure.

The steel sector includes production of steel with iron and steel mills. For steel, the alignment metric is tCO2-e/tonne steel
production. An intensity metric reflects the role of metals production in a decarbonising world. This goal has been set without
a baseline as there were no customers with drawn lending at the time the goal was set.
Our sector-level financed emissions goal for steel is a Scope 1 and 2 intensity goal, to align to the scope of the reference
scenario. There were no customers with drawn exposure in this sector as at 30 June 2022, 30 June 2023 or 30 June 2024.
If there were, we would include Scope 3 absolute emissions for such customers within the heavy industry sector presented
in our financed emissions disclosure.
The selected reference scenario is from the SBTi Steel target-setting tool (consultation draft, version 2.2), using an emissions
intensity of 1.91 tCO2 /tonne steel for the base year of 2021, sourced from the World Steel Association. 3 The scrap ratio
numbers used in the tool are sourced from the IEA with 31% for the base year and 37% in the goal year (2030). 4

Heavy industry – Alumina and aluminium
The alumina and aluminium sector includes the refining of bauxite to form alumina and the smelting of alumina to produce
aluminium. This excludes secondary production such as aluminium recycling. For both alumina and aluminium, the alignment
metric is tCO2-e/tonne aluminium production. This follows industry convention in expressing alumina production in terms
of aluminium equivalents. We use the industry-accepted factor of 1.9 tonnes alumina production per 1.0 tonne of aluminium
for this conversion. An intensity metric reflects the role of metals production in a decarbonising world.
For Scope 1 and 2, where a company does not report emissions for alumina and aluminium separately, we estimate emissions
to alumina and aluminium by applying a location-specific emissions factor for alumina emissions intensity and aluminium
emissions intensity to available data on the customer’s refining and smelting production activity, respectively.
Our sector-level financed emissions goals for alumina and aluminium are Scope 1 and 2 intensity goals, to align to the
scope of the reference scenario. However, we include Scope 3 absolute emissions for these customers within the heavy
industry sector presented in our financed emissions disclosure. Where a customer does not report Scope 3 emissions these
are estimated by multiplying the customer’s reported Scope 1 and 2 emissions by a Scope 3 emissions factor. The Scope
3 emissions factor represents the ratio of Scope 1 and 2 emissions to Scope 3 emissions for the portfolio of customers
in the alumina and aluminium sector for which we have a complete set of reported Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions.
The selected reference scenarios are the MPP Oceania 1.5°C alumina and aluminium pathways.

We track the portfolio emissions intensity against the IEA NZE (2021) global pathway for aviation. A global reference scenario
is appropriate given the global nature of our portfolio.

2 Note that emissions by vehicle type are reported by BITRE on a CO 2 -e basis. BITRE reported that CO 2 represented over 98% of direct road transport emissions
in 2022. See page 429 for source.
3 The decision to include lessors was made because of the materiality of these customers and reflecting common practice in the sector to lease assets rather than
own directly. We acknowledge the PCAF Standard is not prescriptive on approaches to attribute our lessor customers’ Scope 3 Category 13 (Downstream Leased
Assets) emissions. We believe this is the most appropriate methodology available at this time given the data available and the nature of our portfolio.
4 Subject to data availability, reported emissions may include other activities such as ground operations.

1 The decision to include lessors was made because of the materiality of these customers and reflecting common practice in the sector to lease assets rather
than own directly. We acknowledge the PCAF Standard is not prescriptive on approaches to attribute our lessor customers’ Scope 3 Category 13 (Downstream
Leased Assets) emissions. We believe this is the most appropriate methodology at this time given the data available and the nature of our portfolio.
2 Subject to data availability, reported emissions may include other activities such as land-based operations.
3 World Steel Association, Sustainability Indicators. See page 429 for source.
4 See page 429 for source and license.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

1 Motor vehicle finance includes commercial asset finance and consumer personal loans. Legacy Bankwest personal loans are excluded due to data limitations.

FINANCIAL REPORT

Attribution follows the PCAF business lending methodology. For lessors where the lessee is known, the attribution factor
denominator is the total equity and debt or EVIC of the lessee and the attribution factor numerator is drawn lending exposure
to the lessee. As lending in our aviation portfolio generally relates to specific aircraft within an airline’s fleet, we may seek
to improve the accuracy of our financed emissions estimates for this sector over time by substituting airline level data with
aircraft specific data and adapting our attribution approach accordingly.

Heavy industry – Steel

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

For aviation the goal metric is an intensity metric (gCO2 /revenue passenger km) calculated by dividing attributed
‘tank-to-wake’ emissions 4 (Scope 1 for operators and Scope 33 for lessors), in gCO2, by attributed revenue passenger
kilometres (RPK). This reflects the continued role of aviation in a decarbonising world. We source emissions and RPK data
from airline sustainability reporting for exposures to airlines or lessors where the lessee is known. Where data is not available,
including for lessors where the lessees are unknown, emissions intensity is estimated using the portfolio average. Where CO2
data is unavailable, we use CO2-e.

We track the portfolio emissions against the IEA NZE (2021) global pathway for shipping. A global reference scenario
is appropriate given the global nature of our portfolio.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

The selected reference scenario is the IPR RPS (2021), which models a 34% reduction in annual emissions per ‘car’ between
2020 and 2030. This emissions intensity reduction is applied to the 2020 Australian national average emissions intensity
(262 gCO2 /vehicle km) for passenger vehicles (motorcycles and cars) and light commercial vehicles which has been calculated
using data published by BITRE. 2

Attribution follows the PCAF business lending methodology. For lessors where the lessee is known, the attribution factor
denominator is the total equity and debt or EVIC of the lessee and the attribution factor numerator is drawn lending exposure
to the lessee.

SUSTAINABILITY

The goal metric is an intensity metric (gCO2 /vehicle km) calculated by dividing the attributed Scope 1 emissions (gCO2) from
motor vehicle finance (as described on page 397) by attributed distance travelled (vehicle km). Distance travelled currently
reflects average distance travelled by vehicle type based on data published by BITRE. Attributed distance travelled reflects
distance travelled multiplied by the attribution factor, where the attribution factor is the outstanding loan amount divided by
the value of the security at origination. Where valuation data is unavailable, 100% attribution is assumed.

Our sector-level financed emissions target for shipping is a Scope 1 (Scope 3 ‘tank-to-wake’ for lessors) target, to align to the
scope of the reference scenario. However, we include Scope 2 (Scope 3 ‘indirect electricity’ for lessors) absolute emissions for
this sector, which are generally minimal, within our financed emissions disclosure.

CREATING VALUE

We track the portfolio emissions intensity against the IEA NZE (2021) however, we calculate the power generation target
against the IEA SDS for OECD nations, based on total electricity and heat sectors CO2 emissions divided by total electricity
generation. Our 2030 target of 105 kgCO2 /MWh is 33% below the equivalent figure in the global IEA NZE (2021) scenario.
We originally tracked towards this value based on the IEA SDS for OECD nations and chose to retain it as our 2030 target
as it represents a lower emissions intensity than the IEA NZE (2021) transition pathway in 2030.

For shipping the target metric is absolute financed emissions, calculated based on attributed ‘tank-to-wake’ emissions 2
(Scope 1 for operators and Scope 3 1 lessors), in MtCO2. Where CO2 data is unavailable, we use CO2-e. We have selected an
absolute emissions metric for this interim target due to data limitations. For exposures to shipping companies, we source
emissions data from customers’ sustainability reporting. For lessors, where the lessee is known we source emissions data
from the lessee’s sustainability reporting. Where data is not available, including for lessees, emissions are estimated using
the average emissions intensity per dollar of drawn lending for customers with available emissions data.

OVERVIEW

Transport – Shipping

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Power generation

404

405

Sector inclusions 1

kgCO2-e/m2 SBTi

Attributed FY21
floor-space

Australian
commercial
property

Office, retail and industrial Building
operations
buildings in ANZSIC 771
(Property operators and
developers) and property
trusts (within ANZSIC 732,
Deposit taking financiers),
≥$5 million TCE

1, 2

kgCO2-e/m2 SBTi

Attributed FY24
floor-space

Power
generation

ANZSIC: 3611, ≥$1
million TCE 2, or >5%
revenue threshold 3

Generation

1

kgCO2 /MWh IEA NZE
(2021)

Attributed- FY20
generation

Upstream
oil and gas
extraction

ANZSIC: 1200,
1511, 1512, or >5%
revenue threshold 3

Upstream

1, 2, 3

Absolute
emissions
(MtCO2)

IEA NZE
(2021)

n/a

FY20

Thermal coal
mining

ANZSIC: 1101, 1102,
Mining
or >5% revenue threshold 3

1, 2, 3

Absolute
emissions
(MtCO2)

Custom (0 n/a
by 2030);
Compare
to IEA NZE
(2021)

FY20

Steel

ANZSIC: 2711, or >5%
revenue threshold 3

Primary steel
production

1, 2

tCO2-e/tsteel

SBTi

Attributed- n/a ⁴
production

Alumina

ANZSIC: 2721, or >5%
revenue threshold 3

Primary
alumina refining

1, 2

tCO2-e/taluminium

MPP
Oceania

Attributed- FY21
production

Aluminium

ANZSIC: 2722, or >5%
revenue threshold 3

Primary
aluminium
smelting

1, 2

tCO2-e/taluminium

MPP
Oceania

Attributed- FY21
production

Cement

ANZSIC: 2631, or >5%
revenue threshold 3

Cement
production
(on-site)

1, 2

tCO2-e/tcement 5

SBTi

Attributed- FY22
production

Vehicle
operations

1

gCO2 /v-km

IPR RPS

Attributed- FY23
distance
travelled

Australian residential
mortgages, excluding
HELs and HELOCs

We calculate our upstream oil and gas extraction targets using the percentage decrease of emissions from combustion
activities, oil and natural gas respectively between 2020 and 2030 from the IEA NZE (2021) scenario.

Thermal coal mining
The thermal coal mining sector includes companies that mine thermal coal. We include all thermal coal mining customers with
more than 5% of their revenue coming directly from the sale of thermal coal in our 2030 target. For thermal coal mining the
target metric is absolute emissions. Where customer-level emissions data is not available, the customer’s reported production
data is multiplied by a physical emissions intensity factor 2 to estimate Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions. Scope 3 emissions are
estimated by multiplying production by National Greenhouse Accounts energy content and emissions factors for bituminous
coal. Where a customer reports coal emissions, we assign emissions to thermal coal mining using a ‘pro-rata’ share based
on the customer’s production of thermal coal as a proportion of total coal: coal emissions x (thermal coal production/total
coal production).
We calculate our thermal coal mining target using the percentage decrease of emissions from coal combustion activities
between 2020 and 2030 from the IEA NZE (2021) scenario. Our E&S Framework details our commitments regarding thermal
coal mining financing. We have set a 2030 interim target for thermal coal mining, to reduce our financed emissions in thermal
coal mining by 100% from our 2020 baseline. This represents a faster reduction than the IEA NZE (2021) scenario.

Aggregation

Baseline
year

Heavy industry

Transport
Australian road Passenger and light
(passenger and commercial vehicle
light commercial financing (within asset
vehicle finance) finance & personal loans 6)
ANZSIC: 6401, 6402,
6403, 7742 ≥$5 million
TCE

Aircraft
operations

1 (For
gCO2 /RPK
lessors: 3 ) 7

IEA NZE
(2021)

Attributed- FY23
RPK

Shipping

ANZSIC: 6301, 6302,
6303, 7742, ≥$5 million
TCE

Vessel
operations

1 (For
Absolute
lessors: 3 ) 7 emissions
(MtCO2)

IEA NZE
(2021)

n/a

FY23

1 If a customer is within an ANZSIC code but is not assigned to the relevant ‘Sector scope’, based on business knowledge they are not included within the goal or target.
2 Counterparties with TCE less than the specified threshold are generally excluded from the sector-level target unless it is identified they have available
information (emissions or financials) or were previously included in the sector-level target.
3 Diversified customers outside of the listed ANZSIC codes that are identified, based on business knowledge, as having more than 5% of their revenue from the
relevant business activity (‘Sector scope’) are included within the scope of the goal or target.
4 For steel, this goal has been set without a baseline as there were no customers with drawn lending at the time the target was set.
5 We define cement as cementitious product, which aligns with the GHG Protocol’s ‘specific CO2 per ton of cementitious product’ definition. This means that emissions
and production associated with imported clinker (typically reported as Scope 3) are not included.
1 See page 429 for source and license.

6 Due to data limitations, vehicle financing within legacy Bankwest personal loan products, which are no longer offered, are excluded from scope.

2 Scope 1 and 2 emissions factors are calculated from the portfolio of customers where CBA has both production and emissions data.

7 Scope 3 Category 13 (Downstream Leased Assets) only.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Aviation

FINANCIAL REPORT

1, 2

Australian
housing

Reference
scenario

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Building
operations

Sector scope

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Metric

Inclusions criteria

SUSTAINABILITY

Emissions
scope

Sector

Upstream oil and gas extraction
Upstream oil extraction refers to entities whose principal operations include the exploration and development of oil fields for
the purposes of extracting and producing crude oil. This does not include midstream or downstream activities. Upstream
gas extraction refers to entities whose principal operations include exploration, ownership, development and management
of gas fields, that are used for the purpose of natural gas production. For upstream oil and gas extraction the target metric
is absolute emissions. Where a customer reports emissions, we assign emissions to upstream oil and gas extraction using a
‘pro-rata’ share based on the customer’s production of oil and gas and the emissions factor for each activity, respectively,
expressed in ‘million barrels of oil equivalent’. Where customer-level emissions data is not available, the customer’s reported
production data is multiplied by an activity emissions intensity factor 2 to estimate Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions. Scope 3
emissions are estimated by first converting production, in barrels of oil equivalent, to energy content using an energy content
factor from third-party sources such as Energy Institute’s Statistical Review of World Energy and then multiplying the energy
content by emissions factors from the National Greenhouse Accounts.

Sector-level goal and target setting

CREATING VALUE

The selected reference scenario is from the SBTi Cement target-setting tool (Version 2.1.2), using an emissions intensity
of 0.708 tCO2-e Scope 1 emissions/tonnes of cement, for the base year of 2021, sourced from the Department of Climate
Change, Energy, the Environment and Water (DCCEEW). 1 While this baseline and resulting sector-level pathway only accounts
for Scope 1 emissions, we adopt a conservative approach by comparing it against our annual intensity metric which is inclusive
of both Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions.

Sector-level goal and target methodology

OVERVIEW

The cement sector includes manufacturing portland, natural and other hydraulic cement from crushed limestone and clay or
shale. For cement, the alignment metric is tCO2-e/tonne cement production. An intensity metric reflects the role of cement
production in buildings and construction. We define cement as cementitious product, which aligns with the GHG Protocol’s
‘specific CO2 per ton of cementitious product’ definition. This means that our sector-level financed emissions goal for cement
is a Scope 1 and Scope 2 intensity goal. This aligns with the boundary of the reference scenario used for the goal. Emissions
and production associated with imported clinker and clinker purchased from third parties (typically reported as Scope 3)
are not included in the goal. However, we include Scope 3 absolute emissions for cement sector customers within the heavy
industry sector presented in our financed emissions disclosure.

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Heavy industry – Cement

406

407

Approach to climate scenario analysis

Scenario modelling approach and key assumptions
Long-term scenarios and CRMA
Modelling
approach

• Industry segments with more granular macroeconomic inputs were selected based on the portfolio
exposure to physical and transition risks analysis (on page 144), and included:
– Agriculture (dairy and livestock)
– Air and road transport
– Heavy industry

Input used in climate scenario analysis

– Coal mining
– Petroleum product wholesaling and retailing

Details

– Upstream oil and gas exploration and production
• Regional segments for more granular macroeconomic inputs were selected by considering materiality as
well as portfolio exposure to physical and transition risk analysis. They are a composite of Greater Capital
City Statistical Areas (GCCSAs) and Statistical Area Level 4s (SA4s):

Relevance to CBA’s assessment of • The Bank may be exposed to both physical and transition risks through the provision
of deposit and lending services to retail, business and institutional customers.
our resilience to climate-related
changes, developments
• The long-term scenarios are based on the NGFS scenarios which are a set of
or uncertainties
climate-related scenarios designed to help financial institutions and policymakers
assess the risks associated with climate change and the transition to a lower-carbon
economy. They are therefore directly relevant for use in assessing the resilience of
the Bank’s strategy and business model in the short, medium and long term, to the
impacts of a changing climate.

– Sydney
– Rest of New South Wales
– Rest of Victoria
– South-East Queensland (Greater Brisbane, Gold Coast, Sunshine Coast and Toowoomba)

• The acute event scenarios assessed the impact of different acute physical climate
events (cyclone and drought) and a transition event (NSW electricity disruption),
on a diverse range of the Bank’s portfolios (retail, non-retail and agriculture).
Climate-related physical or
transition risks

• The assessment of financial risk for each of the scenarios focused primarily on either
the physical risks or transition risks relevant to that scenario.

• The Delayed transition and Net zero 2050 scenarios are aligned to the Paris
Agreement’s overarching goal to hold the increase in the global average temperature
to well-below 2°C above pre-industrial levels.

Time horizons used

• The long-term scenarios extend out to 2050, with the CRMA assessing risks at the
following time horizons:
– Current term (within the next 12 months).
– Short term (~3 years) to align with the Bank’s strategic planning cycle.
– Medium term (~10 years) to align with the timeframe of when the NGFS physical
impacts begin to diverge for the low versus high warming futures.
– Long term (~30 years) to align with the Bank’s home loan portfolio where home
loans can be contractually agreed to for up to 30 years.
• The acute event scenario time horizons vary by scenario based on the time expected
for the economic- and credit-related impacts to flow through to the Bank.

Scope of
operations

• Macroeconomic inputs associated with each long-term scenario were applied to all retail and non-retail
portfolios of the Bank, including ASB.
• The CRMA assessed the impacts of climate change on our financial, non-financial and strategic risk
types. This included consideration of impacts on our business model, financial and non-financial risk,
strategy, and climate-related risks and opportunities.

Reporting period • The scenario analysis and CRMA were carried out during the last quarter of the 2025 reporting period.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Alignment to the latest
international agreement
on climate change

– Adelaide
• The macroeconomic variables were then input to the Bank’s suite of stress testing models to arrive at
balance sheet and credit loss results extending out to 2050.

FINANCIAL REPORT

• For the strategic and non-financial risk types in the CRMA the scenario factored in both
the transition and physical risks, where relevant or material. For example, under the
physical risk scenario (Current policies) conduct risk may be heightened due to decisions
the Bank may make in relation to pricing and lending practices in high physical risk
zones. Under the high transition risk scenario (Delayed transition) conduct risk is also
expected to be heightened for the same reasons in the short and medium term due to
physical impacts from existing greenhouse gas in the atmosphere.

– Western Australia

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

• The long-term scenarios included a high transition risk scenario (Net zero 2050);
higher transition risk scenario (Delayed transition) and a high physical risk scenario
(Current policies) to enable the assessment of a range of plausible climate physical
and transition risk outcomes and to address the uncertainty of potential developments
associated with the trajectory of climate change.

– Rest of Queensland

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

– Melbourne

• Acute event scenarios were also run to consider severe but plausible climate-related
events that could impact the profitability of the Bank in any given year.
Diversity of scenarios

SUSTAINABILITY

Input/assumption

– Non-renewable power generation

CREATING VALUE

We use a combination of credible, long-term global climate scenarios that provide consistent inputs and assumptions for
differing futures, as well as a range of acute scenarios to explore the impact of individual severe physical and transition
events that could impact the Bank in any given year. This approach helps us to consider the changing impacts on the Bank’s
financial prospects and risk profile over time, due to long-term chronic physical risks; increasingly frequent and severe acute
physical risks; evolving transition risks arising from regulatory change, technological advancements and evolving stakeholder
expectations; and opportunities that may arise to improve climate resilience and finance the transition. Depending on the
nature of changes in the scenarios, in some cases, we may look to rerun previous analyses using updated information.

• The Bank selected three NGFS scenarios (Net zero 2050, Delayed transition and Current policies) for
long-term scenario analysis and engaged an economic advisory firm (Oxford Economics) to develop
macroeconomic forecasts aligned to the NGFS scenarios using their proprietary models. Tailoring of
these variables was performed at a national level, with more granular analysis performed for a selection
of higher transition and physical risk exposed industries and regions to capture parts of the Bank’s
portfolio which may not follow national-level trends.

OVERVIEW

Climate scenario analysis is a rapidly evolving field, with global scenarios regularly produced and updated. We use
assumptions and inputs drawing from credible, global climate scenarios produced by the NGFS and obtain input from external
experts when necessary. We review our choice of scenarios to check, in our view, they have plausible and appropriately severe
outcomes; are consistent with legislative requirements and market practices, including use by peer banks; and they have
appropriate sector and geographic data readily available.

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

4.

408

409

Net zero

Delayed transition

Macroeconomic trends and variables
Current policies

Scenario drivers

NGFS Current policies
(REMIND-MAgPIE)
parameters were used

Technology developments

Swift and widespread
deployment of a range of
low-carbon technologies,
such as renewable energy
sources (solar, wind,
etc.), energy storage,
electric vehicles, and
carbon dioxide removal
(CDR) which is kept to
a minimum.

Slow technology change
until 2030, followed by a
fast-paced introduction
of low-carbon technology,
with the level of action
differing across countries
and regions. Use of CDR
technologies is assumed
to be low.

Assumes low-carbon
technology change is slow.

Assumes the immediate
and mostly globally aligned
introduction of a range of
ambitious climate policies
that focus on mandating
a rapid reduction
of emissions.

Assumes existing policies
are maintained until 2030,
followed by a rapid and
disorderly introduction
of a higher volume of
stricter carbon and energy
regulations, laws, rules and
licence conditions across
multiple jurisdictions with
short implementation
time periods.

Assumes no further policy
change beyond currently
implemented policies.

Climate-related policies
in jurisdictions the entity
operates

• Ongoing investment in additional healthcare capacity over the last decade is expected to continue to service the
ageing population.
The following table represents the key Australian national average economic variables applied for each scenario. Variables
applied for some high transition or physical risk regions and industries vary substantially from the Australian national average.
These variables represent key assumptions specifically generated for these scenarios and should not be interpreted as
projections or predictions of future economic conditions.
Delayed transition

Current policies

Unemployment rate

Begins rising immediately,
peaking at ~6% around
2035 and declining steadily
thereafter reaching current
levels by 2050.

Remains flat and begins rising
shortly after 2030, peaking
at ~6% around 2040 and
declining steadily to ~5%
by 2050.

Gradually increases until
2040, with steeper increases
thereafter reaching ~6.5%
by 2050.

Cash rate

Assumed to remain low
on the basis it will only
be raised if inflation
persistently remains
outside target bands as a
result of this scenario.

Assumed to remain low
on the basis it will only
be raised if inflation
persistently remains
outside target bands as a
result of this scenario.

Assumed to increase over
time in line with increasing
inflation, with more steep
increases from 2035 (up
by ~2% by 2050 from the
current position).

GDP

Slower GDP growth
until ~2030, with a
steady increase in
GDP thereafter.

Steady increase to 2030,
then stagnating until
~2040 and steadily
increasing thereafter.

Steady increase to ~2040,
with the pace of growth
still increasing thereafter
but at a slower rate.

Average annual Australian
GDP growth
Short term – 1.1%
Medium term – 1.9%
Long term – 2.2%

Average annual Australian
GDP growth
Short term – 2.6%
Medium term – 1.3%
Long term – 2.0%

Average annual Australian
GDP growth
Short term – 2.6%
Medium term – 2.1%
Long term – 1.1%

House price index

Profit and loss and balance sheet assumptions

• The macroeconomic variables outlined above are key drivers of credit risk models. Credit losses are modelled to respond
in line with changes in the macroeconomic variables.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

• The Bank’s financials, including profit and loss and balance sheet, were modelled assuming no change in current market
dynamics. This gives a high-level view of the relative differences in how the balance sheet may evolve under the different
long-term scenarios. Balance sheet growth and as a result, profitability, is aligned to economic growth as presented in
the scenarios.

FINANCIAL REPORT

National average house prices are assumed to continue growing steadily, at similar rates,
for differing reasons under each scenario. House prices under the Delayed transition and
Net zero scenarios are driven by household income as interest rates are assumed to be
unaffected. Under current policies, house prices remain high due to continued housing
supply shortages which are exacerbated by more frequent severe weather events that
damage property at a time when construction activity is in high demand.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Net zero

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

NGFS Delayed transition
(REMIND-MAgPIE)
parameters were used

• Professional and financial services are assumed to continue increasing their share of the Australian economy, with demand
for these services and IT support rising. Increasing transport and infrastructure requirements will drive demand for
engineering services.

SUSTAINABILITY

NGFS Net zero
(REMIND-MAgPIE)
parameters were used

• Global climate action has begun to drive a shift in investment away from Australian coal and towards critical minerals
needed for the climate transition. This trend is assumed to continue over the forecast period.

CREATING VALUE

Global electrification and
electricity supply mix

• Manufacturing’s role in the Australian economy is assumed to continue declining over the next three decades, driven
by continued declines in competitiveness, and slowing growth in complementary agriculture and mining industries.

OVERVIEW

The global NGFS scenario narratives and datasets (version 5) were used to provide forecasts in global electrification and
supply mix, climate-related technology developments and global policy implementation, under each scenario.

The following key Australian economic trends underpin the long-term scenario forecasts:

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Long-term scenarios – key variables and assumptions

410

411

Long-term drought impacting the agriculture portfolio

Series of severe cyclones over South-East Queensland
• An external actuarial consulting and analytics firm was engaged to model the paths of two severe
(Category 4) cyclones making landfall in the South-East Queensland (QLD) region in consecutive
years, providing estimated damages at a property level associated with wind, storm surge and cyclone
induced flooding.

• Macroeconomic and financial variables corresponding to the scenario were designed in collaboration with
environmental risk teams and agribusiness credit risk experts. Property value parameters were adjusted
based on their allocation to low or high impact regions.

• Each of these Category 4 cyclones is currently individually assessed as 1-in-200-year events, however the
probability of two severe cyclone events in successive years in this location is currently extremely low.

• To model non-retail credit losses, the Bank’s industry subject matter experts considered the impact of
damages and business disruption on the credit profile of industries with higher inherent risk of impact from
floods and cyclones. Adjusted credit ratings were run through the Bank’s non-retail stress testing model to
assess expected credit losses.

Data as at

The cut-off date for the data used for modelling was December 2024.

Scope of
operations

• The retail scope of this scenario included CBA and Bankwest residential mortgages and Viridian Line of
Credit (VLOC) accounts within the cyclone impacted regions in South-East QLD.

Timeframe

A 10-year timeframe was selected to reflect a long-term drought, with similar duration to Australia’s
millennium drought.

Data as at

The cut-off date for the data used for modelling was December 2024.

Scope

• The scope of this scenario was limited to the CBA Australian agriculture portfolios, and included adjacent
industries such as food wholesaling and manufacturing. Forestry and fishing industries were excluded.

Key inputs
and
assumptions

• Damage from cyclone events – Damage ratios were modelled by an external provider and applied in year
one and year two. The modelling considered a range of factors including distance from cyclone path,
windspeed and topography.
• Insurance coverage (retail) – The likelihood of insurance was modelled by an external provider. This data
was complemented by underinsurance assumptions derived from research.
• Insurance coverage (non-retail) – Overall insurance rate assumptions were internally developed and
allocated using random sampling.

• Mortgage repayment stress – The ability of borrowers to make mortgage repayments was stressed
through factoring in the extent to which costs for demolition, repair and alternate property rental during
repair are covered by insurance, and the repair period. Customers were assumed to have defaulted where
the costs to repair and sell the property exceeded the equity in the property, or where the customer was
in negative equity.

• Residential building value declines – Aligned to damage ratios applied to each property. A linear return to
pre-cyclone values over the repair period is assumed.
• Residential land value declines – Varied by flood risk ratings for each property up to reductions of 35%.
Land values were assumed to recover within a year in Brisbane, quicker than regional areas which were
assumed to recover in five years.

• Business disruption – Infrastructure damage, including to roads and rail lines, interrupts supply chains
causing local production to decline by:
– 10% across non-impacted areas of QLD for three months after each cyclone.
– 30% in moderate and severe impacted zones for three months after each cyclone.

• Farm productivity – Assumed to decline by ~10% in year one, then 20% in year two and
50% in years three to 10.
• Cash rate – Debt financing is important to the farm sector, both to fund new investment and to help
manage variability in farm revenue. The event is therefore assumed to occur during a time when the cash
rate is increasing for reasons unrelated to the drought. The Australian cash rate is assumed to steadily
increase during years one to four settling at 7% from years four to seven and then declining to 5%
by year 10.
• Property value impacts – Properties in high-impact regions initially maintain their value due to
government support and no action taken by banks. Deterioration in value commences towards the end of
year four and continues until the cumulative reduction peaks at ~40% in year eight. The low-impact areas
are assumed to increase in value by 10%.
• International commodity prices – Assumed to remain stable.
• Government support – Assumed in the form of a mix of income assistance, concessional loans, tax
relief, and water and transport subsidies. However, after four years it is assumed to be insufficient to
compensate for the combination of rising interest rates and declining revenue.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

• Insurance companies and re-insurers – Assumed to remain solvent.
• Government support – Assumed to be limited.

Key inputs
and
assumptions

This scenario only assessed the impact of physical climate risks.

FINANCIAL REPORT

• Unemployment rates – A significant rise in unemployment rates was assumed to occur in the cyclone
years with an increase of 8% and 20% from 2024 by the end of year two for Brisbane and regional
South-East QLD, respectively. Unemployment improves from year three as infrastructure is repaired and
jobs are created during the rebuild.

Physical or
transition risk

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

• Insurability declines – Following each cyclone, insurance premiums were increased by ~20% and take-up
rates were reduced.

• Regional exclusions are shown in grey on page 153, and are based on the PMT-CSI tool and the Water
Resources Institute, Aqueduct (Version 4) dataset, where regions were assessed as having low or
negligible risk. By design of the scenario, NT, TAS and North-West WA were also excluded (also shown
in grey on page 153).

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

• The non-retail scope focused on cyclone impacted regions across the following industries: commercial
property; agriculture and forestry; mining oil and gas; manufacturing; transport and storage; business
services; construction; wholesale trade and retail trade.

SUSTAINABILITY

A five-year timeframe was selected to reflect the time expected for the economic and credit-related
impacts to flow through to customers.

• For adjacent agriculture industries such as food manufacturing and wholesaling, ANZSIC rating movements
were directly provided by agribusiness subject matter experts and applied to the non-retail stress test model
to estimate expected credit losses.

CREATING VALUE

• The impact of macroeconomic and financial variables was assessed to arrive at final agriculture ANZSIC-level
credit rating movements. These ANZSIC rating movements and relevant macroeconomic variables were
subsequently processed through the Bank’s non-retail stress testing model to estimate expected credit
losses for customers in both high-impact and low-impact regions.

• Property-level damage and regional assumptions were run through the Bank’s home loans stress testing
models to assess expected credit losses.

Timeframe

• The selection of the drought affected areas and the segmentation of these areas into lower and higher
drought impact was based on data from both the Bank’s productivity mapping tool and climate stress index
tool (PMT-CSI tool) and the Water Resources Institute, Aqueduct (Version 4) dataset, which identifies areas
expected to suffer from high water stress in the future under their 2030 pessimistic scenario.

OVERVIEW

Modelling
approach

Modelling
approach

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Acute event scenarios – Key variables and assumptions

412

413

Modelling
approach

• The Bank’s industry subject matter experts developed productivity and pricing variables at an ANZSIC
industry level, (segmented by NSW and the other states connected to the National Electricity Market),
as well as key national macroeconomic variables.

• For mortgages, the macroeconomic parameters were applied to the Bank’s home loans stress testing models
to determine the expected credit losses.
A four-year timeframe was selected to reflect the time expected for the economic- and credit-related
impacts to flow through to customers.
The cut-off date for the data used for modelling was December 2024.

Physical or
transition risk

Only transition risk impacts were considered for this scenario.

Scope

There are limitations and uncertainties associated with projections of future climate scenarios, given the limitations of current
scientific understanding of the climate system, its cascading impact to the broader economy and society, and complexity
of climate risk modelling. The table below highlights a non-exhaustive list of some of the key sources of uncertainty and the
range of limitations.
Modelling area

Long-term
• Global climate models are highly complex and can be used to simulate possible future climates under
climate scenarios various scenarios, such as different global warming trends. While they are grounded in physical principles
and evaluated against past observations, their projections carry uncertainty due to the complexity of the
climate system.
• Economic variables for long-term scenarios are projected over a 25-year time horizon, with assumptions
regarding factors such as policy and technology. There is considerable uncertainty over the pace and impact
of climate change on the environment (physical risk) as well as how global and domestic governments will act
to address it (transition risk). These projections could therefore be inaccurate.

• This scenario was limited to retail and manufacturing customers based on the high energy consumption
of these sectors.

• Electricity supply is prioritised – For residential, commercial and services. High energy consuming
activities in manufacturing, for example aluminium, mining and electricity, and gas sectors in NSW
are curtailed.

• Climate transition risk can materialise in a variety of ways including through direct exposure to carbon
prices or indirect impacts from reduced demand. This creates significant difficulty in modelling or
quantifying impacts.

• Business productivity impacts – Productivity of high energy intensive sectors is reduced as follows:

– Other manufacturing: -30% in year one, -15% from 2024 levels in year two and no impact in
year three.
– Mining: -10% in year one, -5% in year two from 2024 levels and no impact in year three.
• Supply chain impacts – The compounding impact of supply chain disruptions from this scenario are
incorporated into productivity decline assumptions. No productivity declines are assumed due to long
term reduction in market share to local or international customers.

• Long-term scenarios extending out to 2050 require balance sheet assumptions over the next 25 years.
CBA strategy and balance sheet composition may vary from assumptions used.

• Electricity prices: Wholesale – Electricity price shock is experienced by those exposed to the wholesale
electricity price, for example electricity retailers and small-to-medium size industrial businesses. The
scenario assumes approximately four times increase in prices in year one, approximately two times
increase in prices in year two and a return to 2024 levels in year three.

• Gas prices – Assumed to remain high as gas is needed for gas-fired power generation.
• Macroeconomic impacts – Although localised increases in unemployment occur, the national
unemployment rate increases only marginally due to the impact to mining and manufacturing in NSW.
Higher inflation leads to an increase in the cash rate by up to 1% over two years and then stabilises.
No impact to house prices are assumed.

Severe cyclones
affecting
South-East
Queensland

• There is limited historical data in relation to damages to property, supply chain impacts and economic
impacts resulting from a cyclone, or series of cyclones in Australia of this magnitude, over a populated
area. As a result, should this scenario ever eventuate, actual impacts may vary significantly from
assumptions in this scenario.
• Assumptions on insurance coverage have been used in this scenario. Actual insurance coverage could
vary significantly from these assumptions.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

• Retail insurance assumptions are based on external models of current household insurance premiums
and affordability which may vary over time. It is also unknown how customers and insurers would
behave under the modelled scenario. As a result, actual changes in insurance availability to customers,
price increases, uptake by customers and any impact of the Australian Cyclone Reinsurance Pool could
significantly differ from assumptions in this scenario.

FINANCIAL REPORT

• Electricity prices: Retail and commercial – Prices lag the wholesale price by a year as price increases
are passed through to contracted prices and increase at a less extreme level, where only the wholesale
component of the price is impacted. No impact in year one, increase of 30% in year two, and decrease
of 10% from year two levels in year three.

• The interaction of global climate and socioeconomic variables, and the impact of new technological
developments on structural economic relationships are unknown and may result in modelled outcomes
not being realised.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

• The tailoring of the NGFS scenarios to the Australian context, at a national level and at a more granular
level for higher transition and physical risk exposed industries and regions, was performed by the economic
advisory firm (Oxford Economics) using their proprietary models. These global economic and industry
models make assumptions about aspects such as trade, competitiveness, capital markets, interest rates and
commodity prices, and may assume certain relationships observed in past data that may not continue under
future climate conditions. Assumptions made about Australia’s specific conditions, including government
policies, energy generation mix, geographic dispersion and general macroeconomic conditions may not
be correct.

– Aluminium: -50% in year one, -30% from 2024 levels in year two and -10% from 2024 levels
in year three.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

• Long-term scenarios do not attempt to predict the timing and extent of individual acute physical or transition
events that could materially impact the Bank’s financial performance in any given year. Rather, the cumulative
effect of such events is factored into macroeconomic variables used to model these trends. Although this
approach enables a clearer view of any trends over time, it underestimates potential losses to the Bank
because it does not account for localised declines, or direct impacts on asset values from severe climate
physical or transition events that could occur in any given year.

• Commercial and services, electricity, gas, water and waste services customers are also high energy
consuming sectors but were not assessed based on the assumption that electricity to customers in
these sectors would not be curtailed.
Key inputs
and
assumptions

Key sources of uncertainty and limitations

SUSTAINABILITY

Data as at

We consider the risks of relying on uncertain information when making decisions based on climate scenario analysis and we
aim to avoid false precision in modelled outcomes, for example by rating physical risk across an entire portfolio rather than
expecting single address results to be equally robust.

CREATING VALUE

Timeframe

There are a range of uncertainties when looking to model scenarios and their climate-related impacts. Understanding
uncertainty within climate modelling allows us to focus on reducing it where possible, accepting it where necessary, and
interpreting and communicating results in an appropriate manner.

OVERVIEW

• These variables were used by the Bank’s industry subject matter experts to determine ANZSIC industry-level
credit rating movements which were applied within the Bank’s non-retail stress testing model to estimate
expected credit losses.

Key sources of scenario uncertainty and limitations

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Extended electricity outage in New South Wales

414

415

Key sources of uncertainty and limitations

Severe cyclones • High-level assumptions regarding the resilience of individual homes to withstand severe weather events
have been made as the individual building characteristics of properties in the portfolio are not known. As
affecting Southa result, the damages sustained by an individual property or portfolio of properties could be significantly
East Queensland
different from the assumptions in this scenario.
(continued)

• Property values can be impacted by numerous factors, including availability of dwelling supply to meet
increasing demands, resilience of individual homes to withstand severe weather events, availability and
cost of insurance, and the risk of future severe weather impacts. Assumptions about the recovery of
property values following this series of events may therefore be incorrect.

• Indirect impacts have not been considered, such as the perceived view of increase in risk events on
surrounding non-impacted households, which could result in insurance withdrawal/unavailability and
house price decreases for non-impacted households.
• This scenario makes numerous assumptions over a period of 10 years to explore the downside impacts on
the agriculture sector. As a result, actual impacts may vary significantly from assumptions in this scenario.
• Farm values can be impacted by numerous factors, including the quality of the farmland, water rights and
the resilience to withstand future severe weather events. The decline in property values in high drought
impact areas has been assumed to explore the downside for this scenario. As a result, actual impacts may
vary significantly from assumptions in this scenario.

• Analysis of agricultural exposures in drought impacted regions was completed at the postcode level. This
relied on location data which may be incomplete. As a result there could be significant differences between
the modelled results and what could occur in reality.
Extended
electricity
outage in New
South Wales

During the year we have revised the scope of our consumer portfolio to include Unloan home loans. Comparative
information has been restated to conform to presentation in the current period.

2.

Excluding consumer, sub-sectors are primarily based on a customer’s ANZSIC classification. Where this does not provide
the granularity required, additional classification is undertaken using business knowledge. Our total sector exposures
represent the Group including ASB.

3.

Identification of physical risk in Australian home loans was based on modelled loss rates (cyclone, flood and fire), property
location and topography (sea-level rise). The Bank applies a physical risk score based on the estimated risk of a hazard
to the property. For example, properties are characterised as having a ‘high’ flood risk if they are located within an
approximately 1-in-50-year flood zone.

4.

Identification of high transition risk in Australian home loans was based on where local economies are assessed as heavily
reliant on the fossil fuel value chain. For the non-consumer portfolio, high transition risk identification is performed at
the sub-sector, or grouped ANZSIC level, based on greater impact from policy, technology and market changes under the
transition to a lower-carbon economy. This framework was developed based on United Nations Environment Programme
Finance Initiative’s industry guidance.

5.

Of the consumer portfolio, only Australian home loans, excluding HELs and HELOCs including VLOCs, were assessed for
physical and transition risks. The assessed portfolio also excludes RMG. A number of exposures were exposed to multiple
risks however are summarised independently in this report. The totals do not reflect double counting in these exposures.

6.

Coal terminals include customers whose main business is the operation of ports and terminals that are principally used
for transporting and exporting coal.

7.

LNG terminals include direct exposures to customers focused on LNG terminal activities only. It does not include
customers with diversified operations which include LNG terminals in their business mix.

8.

Air transport includes certain exposures to customers that lease aircraft to airline operators as the transition risk
is considered comparable.

9.

Includes transport ships, tankers, LNG and Floating Production Storage and Offloading (FPSO) vessel categories. Note,
the tanker vessel category includes exposure to oil tankers and chemical tankers. This category also includes exposure to
transport equipment leasing to the oil and gas shipping industry as the transition risk is considered comparable.

• This scenario was based on the Bank’s subject matter expert expectations of how electricity prices
could be impacted in this scenario. As a result, electricity price changes could vary significantly from
this scenario.

10. Pipeline transport and gas supply sectors include all of our direct exposures to oil and gas pipelines.

• The Bank has limited insight on interstate electricity market interdependencies under a scenario of this
nature. As a result, the impact of NSW electricity generation outages on our exposures in other states
could vary significantly from this scenario.

12. Non-renewable power generation includes customers whose main business is power generation and where <90%
of generation is from renewable sources. We assess changes to customer classification using a rolling three-year
generation average.

• Historical observations of credit losses under catastrophes may not be consistent with losses under
future scenarios. For example, if insurance coverage was to change differently to our forecasts or
government support were to decline.
• As climate impacts become more prominent and severe, the relationship between physical catastrophes
and asset prices could change in unexpected ways.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

• There have been no historical climate events in Australia similar in nature or scale to the acute scenarios
performed this year against which modelled outcomes can be benchmarked for reasonableness.

13. Some non-consumer sectors may be exposed to elevated physical risk. However, identification of elevated physical
risk at the sector and sub-sector level is currently out of scope of this analysis because exposure to acute physical risk
and extreme weather events is largely location dependent. This requires additional data availability and granularity to
accurately capture. Physical risks are likely to impact additional sectors not identified above.

FINANCIAL REPORT

• Modelling climate impacts to individual counterparties or estimating potential impacts to a client’s credit
worthiness arising from a climate event is significantly complex and subject to considerable variability
and judgement. For example, business structure; generation mix; emissions intensity; energy intensity;
product mix; technology mix; geographic dispersion; supply chains; and physical location can all impact
a business’ or sectors’ exposure to climate change.

11. Scope of sector aligned to customers captured in sector-level financed emissions goals and targets reporting, and ASB
where applicable. Diversified customers are reported based on ANZSIC classification.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Loss
assessments

• The national energy market is highly complex and the Bank has limited insight on how the government
would respond in this scenario. This scenario was based on the Bank’s subject matter expert
expectations of how electricity usage would be curtailed. As a result, productivity impacts could vary
significantly from this scenario.

1.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

• Government support is assumed to be insufficient after year four to compensate for the combination of
rising interest rates and declining revenue. This assumption may be incorrect as the Bank is not able to
predict the extent and duration of Government support.

The footnotes below outline our key judgements, assumptions, inclusions and exclusions in the presentation of the table on
page 144.

SUSTAINABILITY

Long-term
drought
impacting the
agriculture
portfolio

Our assessment of the Bank’s financial exposure to climate risk considers the extent to which regions or industries we lend
to are currently exposed to elevated physical and/or transition risks. On page 144 we have analysed sub-sectors of our
Group TCE that may be exposed to elevated climate-related physical or transition risk.

CREATING VALUE

• Analysis of cyclone impacts to non-retail portfolios was completed at the postcode level. This relied
on location data which may be incomplete. As a result, there could be significant differences between
modelled results and what could occur in reality.

Our portfolio exposure to physical and transition risks

OVERVIEW

• Location data was used in the analysis. Where location was unknown, postcode-level averages were
applied. As a result there could be significant differences between the modelled results and what could
occur in reality.

5.

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Modelling area

416

417

CBA Sustainability Funding Target

Definition

Included assets

Exclusions

Exposure type

Low carbon
transport

Lending related
to low carbon
transport and
supporting
infrastructure

1. Low carbon/clean transport defined as the
following public/private vehicles:

Hybrid
fuel-efficient
vehicles

Total lending
exposure

Unsecured
loans

Total lending
exposure

Target: $70 billion in cumulative sustainability funding by 2030
We report on the exposures we have identified as meeting our established eligibility criteria for our Sustainability Funding
Target (SFT).
This year we made no refinements to the SFT or the associated eligibility criteria. We acknowledge the recent release by the
Australian Sustainable Finance Institute of the Australian Sustainable Finance Taxonomy and intend to consider this as we
review our eligibility criteria over the coming year. We expect to capture any changes to eligibility prospectively, with the nature
of any changes disclosed in the year they are made.

2. Supporting infrastructure, such as:
–

Lending to
domestic and
offshore entities
involved in
providing and
manufacturing
equipment, the
development,
construction,
operation,
distribution and
maintenance
of large scale
renewable
energy projects
and assets that
improve energy
efficiency

1. Entity’s main business is renewable energy
generation (at least 90% of revenue, or where
unavailable, an alternative measure such as energy
generation from the energy mix, is from eligible
renewable sources, from renewable generation),
or proceeds of financing restricted to renewable
energy generation is sourced from the following:

Total lending
Exposures
exposure
<$1 million
except for
those assets
eligible under
included
assets 3 and 4

Low carbon
commercial
buildings

Lending secured
by ≥5 Star
NABERS Energy
or Green Star
rated commercial
buildings

Wind, solar (photovoltaics, concentrated solar
power/solar thermal), hydro, geothermal,
wave, tidal, landfill gas (if asset is classified
as an eligible generator under the Australian
Renewable Energy Target).

2. Entities whose operations involve transmitting and
distributing renewable electricity, entities whose
operations involve storage facilities including
large scale energy storage facilities and batteries,
as well as, manufacturing facilities dedicated
wholly to onshore and offshore development of
renewable technology.

Exposures
<$1 million

Apportionment undertaken on loans with multiple
underlying securities so that only the balance attributed
to securities that satisfy the definition are counted.
Apportionment is based on the property value that
satisfies the definition divided by the portfolio value of
all securities held as collateral against the loan.
Energy
efficient
residential
buildings 1

3. Solar, wind and hydro-powered equipment including
panel installations.
4. Batteries used to store energy for commercial use
and charging equipment.
Pollution
and waste
management

Excludes
Bankwest

Mortgage loans to finance the construction of new
residential buildings or major renovations. The National
Construction Code requires qualifying constructions
and major renovations to meet a minimum thermal
efficiency NatHERS rating.

Lending related
to municipal
and commercial
activities that
contribute to
soil remediation,
waste prevention
and collection
(excluding
hazardous waste),
waste reduction
and waste recycling

1. The development, operation and upgrade of
physical recycling facilities for metals, plastic
or paper.
2. Recycling or composting to divert
waste from landfill.
3. Organic waste treatment and composting.
4. Organic waste to energy power generation projects.
5. Landfill gas collection power generation projects
for closed landfills with 75% or more gas
capture efficiency.

Unsecured
loans

Sustainability-Linked Loans are instruments which
incentivise the borrower’s achievement of ambitious,
predetermined sustainability performance targets.
The use of proceeds in most instances will be for
general corporate purposes.

Exposures
<$1 million

Sustainability- Loans with
Linked Loans predetermined
targets to facilitate
environmentally or
socially sustainable
outcomes

Construction loans have progressive payments as the
work progresses with drawdowns within the reporting
period being included.

Total funded
balance

Residential
buildings
that are not
funded with
a progressive
drawdown
Total lending
exposure

Exposures
<$1 million

Total lending
exposure

1 We paused reporting contributions to this asset class in FY24 and may consider any potential future contributions as part of our review in FY26.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Mortgage loans
related to new
construction/
major renovation
of residential
buildings that are
considered energy
efficient under
accepted standards

FINANCIAL REPORT

An exposure that is at the head company level can still be
included if the purpose of the CBA product is to be used
for the needs of certain assets/projects/subsidiaries of
the counterparty that fit the above criteria.

1. Commercial buildings that are ≥5 Star NABERS
Energy or Green Star rated at time of origination.
Where origination date is unknown, NABERS
assessment is undertaken as at reporting date.
2. Commercial buildings that have achieved
a ≥5 NABERS Energy or Green Star rating
after origination, if at origination there was a
demonstrated intention to achieve the rating.
3. Includes projects under construction or property
upgrade, based on expected NABERS Energy rating.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Renewable
energy

–

Exposure type

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Exclusions

–
–
–
–

Large scale supporting infrastructure including
charging and alternative fuel infrastructure
and batteries.
Dedicated infrastructure for electrified transport.
Public walking and cycling infrastructure.
Bus rapid transit system.
All infrastructure for electrified freight rail.

SUSTAINABILITY

Included assets

Electric and hydrogen passenger and
freight vehicles.
Electric off-road machinery and engines.
Trains: non-diesel rolling stock and vehicles for
electrified trams, trolley buses and cable cars.
Buses: electric or hydrogen buses.

CREATING VALUE

Definition

–
–
–

Unless specified below, we use total lending exposure which excludes commitments at offer, derivatives, guarantees,
operating leases and trading securities to calculate the cumulative funding since 30 June 2020. We include new qualifying
lending and refinance balances if the exposure has not already been included in the cumulative progress. If the exposure has
already been included, but the refinance leads to an increase in balance, we include the incremental balance. The assessment
of changes in balance is undertaken in local currency and converted to Australian dollars in the period corresponding to the
change. Definitions and details on eligibility are outlined in the table below.
Category

–

OVERVIEW

Category

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

6.

418

419

Definition

Included assets

Exclusions

Exposure type

Land and
agriculture

Lending for assets
or agricultural
practices that
are designed to
improve certain
environmental
outcomes

Assets financed through the Agri Green Loan,
which include:

Unsecured
loans

Total lending
exposure

1. Solar, batteries or bioenergy.
3. Farm building upgrades.

Certifications

2. Financing for specialist accommodation such as
disability housing or retirement villages.

Unsecured
loans

Total lending
exposure

Exposures
<$1 million

Operational emissions targets

• Assets that operate or are under construction to operate.
Total lending
exposure

1. Health, healthcare and wellbeing.
2. Educational and vocational training.

Organisational boundaries, calculations and emissions factors

4. Employment generation and programs designed
to prevent and/or alleviate unemployment
stemming from socioeconomic inequality
including employment services.

Organisational boundaries

2. Loans to organisations that derive 90% or more of
their revenues from activities in the above list of
eligible categories.

Australia: Encompasses our Australia-based operations, including Bankwest, and includes commercial, retail and residential
properties, data centres, ATMs and our company fleet. We have extended our boundary to include selected Scope 3 emissions
sources beyond our operational control.

(No longer
reported as
a standalone
asset class
from 1 July
2023)

Lending for assets
that improve
energy efficiency
or generate
renewable energy
excluding those
that are reported
under other
categories

1. Solar, wind and hydro powered equipment
including panel installations.

Unsecured
loans

2. Batteries used to store energy for commercial
use and charging equipment.

Excludes
exposures
to assets
reported
under other
categories

Total lending
exposure

New Zealand: Encompasses the subsidiaries, operations and facilities owned or controlled by ASB and includes our corporate
offices, regional centres, data centres, branches and ATMs. We have extended our boundary to include selected Scope 3 emissions
sources beyond our operational control. CBA New Zealand emissions for these categories have been assessed as not material.
India: Includes our commercial office and operations in India.
Other overseas: Represents Group operations and controlled entities outside Australia, New Zealand and India, and includes
all other offices located in North America, Asia and Europe.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

1. Assets that operate or are under construction
to operate.

We set our organisational boundary and measure our operational emissions with reference to the GHG Protocol Corporate
Standard, accounting for the operations, facilities and subsidiaries owned or controlled by the Group. We take an operational
control approach to establish our boundary for reporting our operational emissions inventory. We have extended our boundary
to include selected Scope 3 emissions sources beyond our operational control that occur as part of the Group’s value chain
activities and where reliable data is available.

FINANCIAL REPORT

3. Affordable basic infrastructure.

Includes:

Energy
efficiency

Scope 3 operational emissions reduction target: This target encompasses selected Scope 3 emissions sources and is based
on a 1.5˚C trajectory, excluding flights, which is based on a well-below 2˚C trajectory. To ensure the baseline is representative
of a typical year, Scope 3 business travel emissions are adjusted to FY19 values to normalise for the impacts of the COVID-19
pandemic. Includes indirect greenhouse gas emissions as a result of sources outside the Group’s operational control, but support
the Group’s business activities. Base building, business use of private vehicles and work from home emissions are excluded.
Due to data limitations, New Zealand emissions exclude upstream stationary and transport fuels, and freight emissions.
Only flight emissions are included for limited other overseas operations due to data limitations at the time of target setting.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Unsecured
Eligible social projects should be directed towards
specified target populations, for example those outlined loans
in the Social Loan Principles.
Exposures
<$1 million
Eligible assets include funding or financing related to
the acquisition, construction, equipment or operation
of activities that expand:

Scope 1 and 2 operational emissions reduction target: This target is based on a 1.5˚C trajectory. Emissions relate to the
consumption of natural gas, stationary fuel, refrigerant and electricity used in retail, commercial and data centre properties
under the Group’s operational control, and business use of tool-of-trade vehicles. Market-based reporting is used to reflect
the impact of sourcing electricity needs from renewable sources. Electricity emissions are reported where we are unable to
purchase renewable electricity due to data limitations.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Our operational emissions targets publicly document the measurement, target setting and our progress to reduce emissions
over time. We set our targets in conjunction with an environmental consultant and periodically review to ensure they remain
representative of the Bank’s operations; however, we do not currently have our targets validated by a third party. Our external
auditor provides reasonable assurance for Scope 1 and 2 operational emissions and limited assurance for selected Scope 3
operational emissions over point-in-time performance and we report these against the targets. Our operational targets are
gross absolute emissions reductions, with carbon offsets not included in progress tracking.

SUSTAINABILITY

3. Financing sponsors through government led
initiatives to increase the supply of affordable
housing, where accommodation is provided at no
more than 80% of the current market rental rate.
Target populations include households with income
below limits defined by Australian states and
territories, low socioeconomic groups, victims of
domestic or family violence, and/or Aboriginal and
Torres Strait Islander peoples.
• Loans to organisations that derive 90% or more of
their revenues from activities in the above list of
eligible categories.

Lending that
facilitates
and supports
economic activity
which mitigates
social issues and
challenges, and/or
achieves positive
social outcomes

• ISO 14001:2015 – Environmental Management System. Scope of certification: the provision of property operations and
facilities management across Australian operations for the Group, including commercial office spaces, retail banking
branches, data centres, SST (ATMs).
• ISO 50001:2018 – Energy Management System. Scope of certification: the provision of property operations and facilities
management across Australian operations for the Group including commercial office spaces, retail banking branches, data
centres, SST (ATMs).

Includes:

Other social
assets

• ISO 9001:2015 – Quality Management System. Scope of certification: the Management of delivery of retail capital works
incorporating sustainability and digital engineering aspects.

CREATING VALUE

1. Financing housing associations or community
housing providers.

OVERVIEW

We measure and manage the environmental impacts of our activities under our operational control using an environmental
management system. Envizi is the platform used for Australia, India and our other overseas locations to manage
environmental data and measure operational emissions. For New Zealand, ASB measures its operational emissions using
in-house emissions calculators.

4. Environmental plantings, vegetation and
waterway protection, precision use of chemicals,
water efficiency and management of manure
waste streams.

This may include:

Group operational emissions

Environmental management systems and certifications

2. Electric or hydrogen vehicles.

5. Rotational grazing, restoration of degraded soils,
erosion restoration and prevention, and regenerative
cropping practices.
Affordable and Lending related
social housing to the acquisition,
construction and/
or operation of
activities that
expand the access
to adequate, safe,
affordable housing

7.

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Category

420

421

New Zealand

Group operational emissions for 2025 have been measured and prepared, in all material respects, with reference to the
Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (revised edition) and the Greenhouse Gas Protocol:
Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standard (GHG Protocol).

For ASB in New Zealand, invoices or reports are received from the relevant data source and the relevant emissions factors are
applied to calculate the emissions using in-house emissions calculators.

Direct emissions from fossil gas and diesel
use across ASB’s corporate sites in New
Zealand under ASB’s operational control.

• Fossil gas
usage invoices

kWh (gas)

Ministry for the
Environment
(MfE) NZ, Measure
Emissions Guide
(2025)

Transport fuels

Direct emissions from the consumption of
diesel and petrol from our business use of our
tool of trade vehicle fleet in New Zealand.

L (fuel)
• SG Fleet
monthly report
and transactional
listing

MfE NZ, Measure
Emissions Guide
(2025)

Refrigerants

Fugitive emissions from the leakage of
refrigerant gases in air conditioning units
based on top up of refrigerants from
contractors maintaining equipment in ASB’s
corporate sites in New Zealand under ASB’s
operational control. Refrigerant emissions
from retail branches are excluded.

• HVAC
contractors

kg
(refrigerant)

MfE NZ, Measure
Emissions Guide
(2025)

Scope category

Description

Data source

Units

Emissions factor source

Stationary fuel
– diesel

Emissions from the consumption of stationary
diesel in commercial office in India under the
Group’s operational control as defined under
the NGER Act during the reporting year.

• Diesel usage
reports

L (fuel)

DESNZ (2025)

Refrigerants

• HVAC
Fugitive emissions from installation, servicing
contractors
and disposal of air conditioning units based
on top up of refrigerants from contractors
maintaining the equipment in commercial office
in India under the Group’s operational control
as defined under the NGER Act during the
reporting year.

kg
(refrigerant)

NGA (2024) and
IPCC (2014)

Units

Emissions factor source

MJ (gas)

UK Government
GHG Conversion
Factors for Company
Reporting (2024)

Scope 1 emissions
Scope 1 operational emissions are direct emissions from operations that are owned or controlled by the reporting company.
This relates to the Group’s consumption of natural gas, stationary fuel and refrigerants used in retail, commercial and data
centre properties under the Group’s operational control and business use of tool-of-trade vehicles, during the reporting
period. The consumption data is based on a combination of invoiced amounts and estimates based on historical information or
pro-rata consumption. Emissions are calculated using the relevant emissions factors noted in this section. This is the Criteria
for the accompanying Selected Sustainability Information assured by PwC.
The tables below outline Scope 1 operational emissions sources reported within our Annual Report.
For a reconciliation between Scope 1 operational emissions reported and those included within our Scope 1 and 2 target, see page 428.

Australia
Scope category

Description

Data source

Units

Emissions factor source

Stationary fuel
– natural gas

Emissions from the consumption of natural
gas in retail and commercial properties in
Australia under the Group’s operational control
as defined under the National Greenhouse and
Energy Reporting Act 2007 (NGER Act) during
the reporting year.

• Natural gas
usage invoices

MJ (gas)

NGA (2024)

Stationary fuel
– diesel

Emissions from the consumption of stationary • Diesel usage
reports
diesel in commercial properties and data centre
in Australia under the Group’s operational
control as defined under the NGER Act during
the reporting year.

L (fuel)

NGA (2024)

Transport fuels

Mobile combustion emissions from the burning • SG Fleet
monthly report
of diesel, ethanol E10 and petrol fuel from the
business use of our tool-of-trade vehicle fleet in
Australia under the Group’s operational control
as defined under the NGER Act during the
reporting year.

L (fuel)

NGA (2024)

• HVAC
Fugitive emissions from installation, servicing
contractors
and disposal of air conditioning units based
on top up of refrigerants from contractors
maintaining the equipment in retail and data
centre properties in Australia under the Group’s
operational control as defined under the NGER
Act during the reporting year.

kg
(refrigerant)

Refrigerants

NGA (2024) and
IPCC (2014)

• Diesel usage
report

L (fuel)

India

Other overseas
Scope category

Description

Data source

Stationary fuel
– natural gas

Emissions from the consumption of natural gas • Natural gas
usage invoices
in our office in the United Kingdom under the
Group’s operational control as defined under the
NGER Act during the reporting year.

FINANCIAL REPORT

Stationary fuels
– fossil gas and
diesel stationary

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Emissions factor source

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Units

SUSTAINABILITY

Data source

CREATING VALUE

Description

OVERVIEW

For Australia, India, and other overseas, invoices or reports are received from the relevant data source and are loaded into
Envizi. The platform then calculates the emissions using the relevant emissions factors. Emissions factors are reviewed by
a third party for CBA and updated in Envizi.

Scope category

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Calculating operational emissions

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

422

423

Selected Scope 3 emissions

Scope 2 operational emissions are indirect emissions from the Group’s purchase of electricity used in retail, commercial,
residential and data centre properties, SSTs (ATMs) and charging of the EV fleet under the Group’s operational control during
the reporting period. The consumption data is based on a combination of invoiced amounts and estimates based on historical
information or pro-rata consumption. Emissions are calculated using the relevant emissions factors noted in this section.
This is the Criteria for the accompanying Selected Sustainability Information assured by PwC.

Selected Scope 3 operational emissions are all other indirect emissions (not included in Scope 2) that occur in the value chain
of the reporting company. This is the Criteria for the accompanying Selected Sustainability Information assured by PwC.
The tables below outline all selected Scope 3 operational emissions sources and the emissions factors used to calculate
emissions reported within our Annual Report.
For a reconciliation between Scope 3 operational emissions and those within our Scope 3 target, see page 428.

Scope category

Description

Annual and
Climate Report
production

Annual General
Meeting

Australia
Scope category

Description

Data source

Units

Purchased
electricity

Indirect emissions from the electricity used by
retail, commercial and residential properties,
data centres, ATMs and EV fleet during the
reporting period under the Group’s operational
control in Australia as defined under the NGER
Act during the reporting year.

kWh
• Invoice PDFs/
EDIs from
electricity retailer

Emissions factor source

NGA (2024)

• Odometer
estimates and
OEM efficiency
rating

Data source

Units

Purchased
electricity

Indirect emissions from the electricity used
by ATMs, retail, corporate and data centre
properties in New Zealand under ASB’s
operational control and charging of ASB’s
EV fleet.

kWh
• Invoice PDFs/
EDIs from
electricity retailer

Emissions factor source

• Supplier
Indirect emissions generated from the
spend invoices
production and distribution of annual and climate
reports for the prior reporting financial year. This
includes the emissions associated with the use
of professional services, printing and stationary,
mailing services and waste generated.

$ (AUD)

DESNZ (2024) and
IELab (2022)

• Supplier
Indirect emissions resulting from the Group’s
spend invoices
Annual General Meeting for the prior reporting
financial year. This includes emissions
associated with accommodation, security,
real estate, catering, media, printing, postal,
photography, taxi, hire car and business services.

$ (AUD)

IELab (2022)

GSM (paper
weight)

EPA Victoria (2021)
and Indufor (2026)

L (fuel)

NGA (2024)

• Monthly paper
transactions
report

Indirect emissions associated with the extraction, • Diesel usage
production and transportation of fuels consumed reports
in retail, commercial and data centre properties • Natural gas
in Australia under the Group’s operational control usage invoices
as defined under the NGER Act.

Electricity
– transmission
and distribution

Indirect emissions associated with the
electricity lost through transmission and
distribution of purchased electricity used by
the Group in Australia.

kWh
• Invoice PDFs/
(electricity)
EDIs from
electricity retailer

NGA (2024)

Freight

Indirect emissions generated from Australian
freight contracts and calculated emissions
provided in reporting provided by suppliers.

• Quarterly courier tCO2-e
emissions report (courier)

Supplier specific
factor

Waste

Indirect emissions generated from our waste to • Cleaning
contractor
landfill from commercial, retail and data centres
waste report
properties during the reporting period under the
Group’s operational control in Australia.
• Landlord/base
building waste
report

Tonnes
(waste)

Water

• Utility bills
Indirect emissions generated from the water
usage at our commercial, retail and data centres • Landlord bills
properties during the reporting period under the
• Water meter
Group’s operational control in Australia.
reading report

kL (water)

AusLCI (2023)

Hotel
accommodation

Indirect emissions from hotel accommodation
used by employees and calculated based on the
number of night stays.

Days/nights
stay

DESNZ (2025)

• Zilch EV charging
report
• Transactional
listing

India
Scope category

Description

Data source

Units

Emissions factor source

Purchased
electricity

Indirect emissions from the electricity used
in our commercial offices in India under the
Group’s operational control as defined under
the NGER Act during the reporting year.

kWh
• Invoice PDFs/
EDIs from
electricity retailer

IEA (2024);
Published for 2025

Other overseas
Scope category

Description

Data source

Units

Emissions factor source

Purchased
electricity

Indirect emissions from the electricity used
by all other overseas offices under the Group’s
operational control as defined under the NGER
Act during the reporting year.

kWh
• Invoice PDFs/
EDIs from
electricity retailer

IEA (2024);
Published for 2025
eGRID (2023)
DESNZ (2024)

• Monthly
hotels report

MJ (gas)

NGA (2024)

kg (waste)

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Stationary fuels
– natural gas
and diesel

FINANCIAL REPORT

MfE NZ, Measure
Emissions Guide
(2025)

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Emissions factor source

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Description

Units

Office copy paper Indirect emissions generated from the Group’s
use of copy paper in the Group’s commercial
operations and retail branches under the
Group’s operational control in Australia during
the reporting year.

New Zealand
Scope category

Data source

SUSTAINABILITY

The tables below outline Scope 2 operational emissions sources reported within our Annual Report.

CREATING VALUE

Australia

OVERVIEW

We use a location-based and market-based reporting approach. Location-based methodology reflects the average emissions
intensity of grids on which energy consumption occurs, while a market-based methodology reflects emissions from electricity
that we have purposefully chosen to purchase.

For a reconciliation between Scope 2 operational emissions reported and those included within our Scope 1 and 2 target, see page 428.

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Scope 2 emissions

424

425

Data source

Units

Business travel
– transport

Indirect emissions from hire car and taxi
use, business use of private vehicles, and
business flights.

• CBA operating
expense
management
system

NGA (2024)
$
(expenditure)
DESNZ (2025)
L (fuel)
National Transport
Flight ticket Commission (2023)
class/airport
codes

• Monthly
transactions
report
• Monthly
flights report
Indirect emissions generated by employees
commuting to their respective offices.
Emissions based on combination of parking
bay utilisation in select major commercial
offices, ABS – Census of Population and
Housing (2016) and building speedgate data to
determine FTE working from offices along with
commuting transport modes.

Passenger
kilometres
(pkm)

• Group FTE report FTE
(employees)
• CBA
speedgate data

NGA (2024)

Scope category

Description

Office paper

Upstream fuel
and energy

DESNZ (2025)

• HR employee
leave data

Base building

• Landlord utilities kWh
Indirect emissions generated from the Group’s
invoices/reports (electricity)
proportion (by net lettable area) of base building
electricity and natural gas usage for the Group’s
MJ (natural
Australian commercial offices.
gas)

NGA (2024)

Purchased
electricity
– data centres

Indirect emissions from the electricity
consumption in the Group’s Australian data
centres not under the Group’s operational
control as defined under the NGER Act.

kWh
(electricity)

NGA (2024)

• Invoice PDFs
from landlord/
retailer

DESNZ (2025)

Emissions factor source

• Monthly
Indirect emissions generated through
paper reports
photocopy paper purchased in commercial
operations, for example, regional centres and
branches under our operational control. This
excludes non-photocopy paper such as papers
used for customer communication, for example,
letters and mail envelopes or office stationery.

kg (paper)

EPA Victoria (2021)

Indirect emissions related to the production of • Emissions
fuels and energy purchased and consumed, that calculated from
Scope 1 natural
are not included in Scope 1 or Scope 2.
gas, diesel,
refrigerants
and Scope 2
electricity

kWh
(electricity)

UK Department of
Energy Security and
Net Zero (2025)

Freight

Waste
(commercial
operations)

Indirect emissions generated from
outbound freight services.

Indirect emissions generated from waste
to landfill from properties under ASB
operational control.

L (fuel)

MfE NZ, Measure
Emissions Guide
(2025)

kWh
• Emissions
calculated from (electricity
Scope 1 natural and gas)
gas and Scope 2
electricity

MfE NZ, Measure
Emissions Guide
(2025)

• Mail volume
report

Postage
volume

NZ Post 2024
emissions factors

• Transactional
listing

Auckland Council
$
(expenditure) spend based
emissions factors
(year ending 2019,
postal and courier
services), adjusted
for inflation

• Landlord/base
building waste
report

kg (waste
to landfill or
construction
waste)

MfE NZ, Measure
Emissions Guide
(2025)

• Construction
waste report
• Monthly
travel report

Days/nights
stay

MfE NZ, Measure
Emissions Guide
(2025)

Business travel
– transport

Indirect emissions from business flights,
business use of private vehicles, rental car
and taxi use.

• Monthly
travel report

Flight ticket
class/airport
codes

MfE NZ, Measure
Emissions Guide
(2025)

$
(expenditure
for taxi and
rental car)

Auckland Council
spend based
emissions factor
(year ending 2019,
road passenger
transport), adjusted
for inflation

• ASB’s operating
expense
management
system
• Transactional
listing

pkm
km for
business use
of private
vehicles

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Indirect emissions from hotel accommodation
used by employees and calculated based on
the duration of stay and location.

FINANCIAL REPORT

Hotel
accommodation

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

• ASB’s
employment
record

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

NGA (2024)

Units

Transmission and Indirect emissions associated with the
distribution losses generation of electricity purchased and
natural gas that are consumed in transmission
and distribution.

Data source

SUSTAINABILITY

• CBA commercial
offices parking
bay data

• Group FTE report FTE
Indirect emissions generated by an
(employees)
incremental number of employees working
• CBA
from home. From FY22 onwards, working from
speedgate data
home emissions are based on FTE allocated to
• HR employee
commercial offices (previously desk occupancy),
leave data
in conjunction with building speedgate data to
determine FTE working from home.

Working from
home emissions

New Zealand

CREATING VALUE

Employee
commuting

Emissions factor source

OVERVIEW

Description

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Scope category

426

427

Description

Data source

Employee
commuting

Indirect emissions generated by ASB staff
commuting to work.

• ASB’s
employment
record for FTE

Units

Emissions factor source

• Employee
commute survey
Indirect emissions generated from ASB staff
working from home.

• ASB’s
employment
record for FTE
• Premise access
percent

FTE
(employees)
and number
of working
days

MfE NZ, Measure
Emissions Guide
(2025)

• Employee
leave data

Data source

Units

Emissions factor source

• Monthly paper
transactions
report

kg (paper
weight)

EPA Victoria (2021)
and Indufor (2016)

L (fuel)

Units

Purchased
electricity

Indirect emissions associated with the
electricity used by an overseas office, not
captured within our Scope 2 emissions.

• Estimation based kWh
on NLA

eGRID (2023)

Electricity
– transmission
and distribution

Indirect emissions associated with the
transmission and distribution of electricity
used by all the Group’s other overseas offices.

kWh
• Invoice PDFs/
(electricity)
EDIs from
electricity retailer

IEA 2024; Published
for 2025
DESNZ (2024)

Natural gas
– extraction and
distribution

Indirect emissions associated with the
extraction and distribution of natural gas
used in the Group’s office in the UK.

• Supplier invoices kWh

Business travel
– transport

Indirect emissions from business flights from
all the Group’s other overseas offices.

• Monthly
flights report

DESNZ (2025)

$ (local
currency)
Flight ticket
class/airport
codes

DESNZ (2025)

• Quarterly courier $ (aggregate IELab (2022)
emissions report costs)

Water

Indirect emissions generated from the water
usage at our commercial office in India.

• Utility bills

kL (water

AusLCI (2023)

• Landlord bills
• Water meter
reading report

Indirect emissions from hotel accommodation • Monthly
hotels report
used by employees and calculated based on the
number of night stays.

Days/nights
stay

DESNZ (2025)

Business travel
– transport

Indirect emissions from hire cars and business
flights from the Group’s operations in India.

Flight ticket
class/airport
codes

NGA (2024)
DESNZ (2025)

pkm
NGA (2024)

FTE
(employees)

NGA (2024)

• CBA
speedgate data

DESNZ (2025)

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

FTE
(employees)

DESNZ (2025)

FINANCIAL REPORT

Hotel
accommodation

Days/nights
stay

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Indirect emissions generated from Indian
courier contracts.

• CBA
speedgate data

Data source

Indirect emissions estimated from base building • Estimated based on:
electricity, freight, transport, use of office copy
– Average base building ratio of Australian
paper, waste, water, employees commuting to
commercial sites
work and employees working from home in the
– Australian FTE equivalency
Group’s other overseas operations.

Freight

• CBA Group
FTE report

Description

Other

kWh
• Invoice PDFs/
(electricity)
EDIs from
electricity retailer

Indirect emissions generated by employees
working from home in India.

Scope category

IEA (2024);
Published for 2025

Indirect emissions associated with the
transmission and distribution of electricity
used by the Group’s office in India.

Work from
home emissions

Emissions factor source

Other overseas

Indirect emissions from hotel accommodation • Monthly
hotels report
used by employees and calculated based on the
number of night stays.

Electricity
– transmission
and distribution

• CBA Group
FTE report

NGA (2024)

Hotel
accommodation

• Diesel usage
reports

Indirect emissions generated by employees
commuting to our office in India.

• Landlord utilities kWh
invoices/reports (electricity)

NGA (2024)

Indirect emissions associated with the
extraction and transportation of fuels
consumed in our commercial office in India.

Employee
commuting

Indirect emissions generated from CBA’s
proportion (by net lettable area) of base
building electricity usage for our commercial
office in India.

pkm

Stationary fuel
– diesel

• Monthly
flights report

Base building

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Office copy paper Indirect emissions generated from the Group’s
use of office copy paper in our commercial
office in India under the Group’s operational
control during the reporting year.

Emissions factor source

SUSTAINABILITY

Description

Units

eGRID (2023)

India
Scope category

Data source

CREATING VALUE

Working from
home emissions

Description

OVERVIEW

MfE NZ, Measure
FTE
(employees), Emissions Guide
(2025)
number of
• Premises access working days
and method
percent
of transport
• HR employee
leave data

Scope category

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Scope category

428

429

(tCO2 -e)

As reported on pages 167–168

Emissions represented within
our operational reduction targets
as reported on page 131

Scope 1

5,592

5,328

62,063

100

ASB offsite ATMs were reclassified as Scope 2 in
FY23. They are reported under Scope 3 in the target
for baseline comparison purposes. Renewable Energy
Certificates (RECs) could not be purchased due to
metering limitation.

22,390

The operational emissions target excludes
the following:
• emissions where we cannot influence reductions.
• emissions where we were unable to source reliable
data or emissions were based on estimates at the
time of target setting.

Page 118

2. https://www.dcceew.gov.au/energy/energy-efficiency/buildings/commercial-buildings (accessed July 2025).
6. SBTi Buildings Target-Setting Tool, Version 1.0.

Page 119

2. SBTi Buildings Target-Setting Tool, Version 1.0.

Page 120

2. DCCEEW: Australian National Greenhouse Gas Accounts, Paris Agreement Inventory, and Australia’s
emissions projections 2023. 5. United Nations Principles of Responsible Investment Inevitable Policy Response
(IPR) Required Policy Scenario (RPS) (2021). 6. Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation
(CSIRO) Electric vehicle projections 2024 Commissioned for the Australian Energy Market Operator’s (AEMO)
draft 2025 Input, Assumptions and Scenarios Report.

Page 121

2. International Energy Agency (IEA) World Energy Outlook 2024. 5. IEA: World Energy Outlook 2021.

Page 122

2. DCCEEW: Australian National Greenhouse Gas Accounts, Paris Agreement Inventory, and Australia’s
emissions projections 2023. 5. SBTi Steel Draft for Public Consultation Target-Setting Tool, Version 2.2.

Page 123

2. Mission Possible Partnership (MPP): Making Net-Zero Aluminium Possible. 3. SBTi Cement Target-Setting
Tool, Version 2.1.2.

Page 124

1. DCCEEW: Australian National Greenhouse Gas Accounts, Paris Agreement Inventory, and Australia’s
emissions projections 2023. 2. AEMO: 2024 Integrated System Plan for the National Electricity Market, page 3.
5. IEA: World Energy Outlook 2021.

Page 125

4. DCCEEW (2024): Australian Energy Statistics 2022-2023.

Page 126

1. DCCEEW: Australian National Greenhouse Gas Accounts, Paris Agreement Inventory, and Australia’s
emissions projections 2023.

Page 127

2. IEA: World Energy Outlook 2021.

Page 128

1. DCCEEW: Australian National Greenhouse Gas Accounts, Paris Agreement Inventory, and Australia’s
emissions projections 2023. 4. IEA: World Energy Outlook 2021.

Page 129

1. IEA: World Energy Outlook 2024. 4. IEA: World Energy Outlook 2021.

Page 133

1. DCCEEW: Australian National Greenhouse Gas Accounts, Paris Agreement Inventory, and Australia’s
emissions projections 2023.

Page 397

2. Bureau of Infrastructure and Transport Research Economics (BITRE), Road Vehicles, Australia January 2024.
3. https://www.glassguide.com.au/ and https://www.greenvehicleguide.gov.au (accessed February 2025).
Content © Commonwealth of Australia is incorporated here. The Green Vehicle Guide data has been used with
permission from the copyright owner, who has not evaluated the Green Vehicle Guide data as altered and
incorporated, and therefore gives no warranty regarding its accuracy, quality, timeliness, completeness, currency
or suitability for any particular purpose. 4. BITRE: Australian Infrastructure and Transport Statistics Yearbook
2024. 5. https://www.commbank.com.au/personal-loans/energy-efficient-discount.html (accessed July 2024).
7. BITRE: Australian Infrastructure and Transport Statistics Yearbook 2024.

Page 402

2. BITRE: Australian Infrastructure and Transport Statistics Yearbook 2024.

Page 403

3. https://worldsteel.org/steel-topics/sustainability/sustainability-indicators (accessed July 2023).
4. https://www.iea.org/energy-system/industry/steel (accessed July 2023).

Page 404

1. DCCEEW: Safeguard Mechanism: Prescribed production variables and default emissions intensities.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

2. https://www.dcceew.gov.au/energy/energy-efficiency/buildings/residential-buildings (accessed July 2025).
5. SBTi Buildings Target-Setting Tool, Draft for Public Consultation, Version 1.

FINANCIAL REPORT

Page 116

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

2. Department of Climate Change, Energy, the Environment and Water (DCCEEW): Australian National
Greenhouse Gas Accounts, Paris Agreement Inventory, and Australia’s emissions projections 2023.
3. https://www.dcceew.gov.au/energy/energy-efficiency/buildings/residential-buildings (accessed July 2025);
https://www.dcceew.gov.au/energy/energy-efficiency/buildings/commercial-buildings (accessed July 2025);
and DCCEEW: Australian National Greenhouse Gas Accounts, Paris Agreement Inventory, and Australia’s
emissions projections 2023.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Page 105

SUSTAINABILITY

• emissions from upstream leased asset electricity.

We have referred to external sources throughout our climate disclosures to inform our views.

CREATING VALUE

Scope 3

Other overseas and India emissions are excluded from
the operational emissions target baseline as we were
unable to source reliable data at the time.

External sources

OVERVIEW

Scope 2 125
(marketbased)

Reason for difference

8.

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Reconciliation of 2025 Group operational emissions reporting

430

431
COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

To the Board of Directors of the Commonwealth Bank of Australia

Responsibilities of Management
Management of the Group is responsible for the preparation of the Subject Matter Information in accordance with the Criteria.
This responsibility includes:

The Board of Directors of the Commonwealth Bank of Australia engaged us to perform independent reasonable and limited
assurance, as applicable, in respect of selected Environmental, Social and Governance metrics and selected Sustainability
Funding Target and Sector-level performance metrics (the Subject Matter Information) presented in the Commonwealth Bank
of Australia 2025 Annual Report (the ‘2025 Annual Report’).

• designing, implementing and maintaining systems, processes and internal controls relevant to the preparation of the Subject
Matter Information, which is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, against the Criteria.
The maintenance and integrity of the Group’s website is the responsibility of the Group’s management; the work carried out by
us does not involve consideration of these matters and, accordingly, we accept no responsibility for any changes that may have
occurred to the reported Subject Matter Information or Criteria when presented on the Group’s website.

Specifically, we were engaged to assure the following subject matter information:
• Limited Assurance over selected Sustainability Information (the Limited Assurance Sustainability Information), as outlined
in Appendix 1 (i),
• Reasonable Assurance over selected Sustainability Information (the Reasonable Assurance Sustainability Information),
as outlined in Appendix 1 (ii),

together, the Subject Matter Information.
The criteria used by the Group to prepare the selected Limited and Reasonable Assurance Sustainability Information is set
out within the Climate disclosures appendix on pages 419 to 427 and the Glossary on pages 438 to 451 (‘the Sustainability
Criteria’). Specifically, the Sustainability Criteria is identified within the Climate disclosures appendix and the Glossary by way
of the following sentence: This is the Criteria for the accompanying Selected Sustainability Information assured by PwC.

The criteria used by the Group to prepare the selected Limited Assurance Climate Information is set out as follows
(the Climate Criteria):
1. In the Sustainability Funding Target table presented on pages 416 to 418 of the 2025 Annual Report; and
2. In the Methodology presented on pages 392 to 405 as it relates to sector-level performance metrics and PCAF quality
scores.
The Sustainability Criteria and Climate Criteria are collectively referred to as ‘the Criteria’.

Our firm applies Australian Standard on Quality Management ASQM 1, Quality Management for Firms that Perform Audits
or Reviews of Financial Reports and Other Financial Information, or Other Assurance or Related Services Engagements, which
requires the firm to design, implement and operate a system of quality management including policies or procedures regarding
compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.

Our responsibilities
Limited Assurance Subject Matter Information
Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on the Limited Assurance Sustainability Information, as outlined in Appendix 1 (i),
and the Limited Assurance Climate Information, as outlined in Appendix 1 (iii), based on the procedures we have performed
and the evidence we have obtained.
Our engagement has been conducted in accordance with the Australian Standard on Assurance Engagements (ASAE)
3000 Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information and ASAE 3410 Assurance
Engagements on Greenhouse Gas Statements. Those standards require that we plan and perform this engagement to obtain
limited assurance about whether anything has come to our attention to indicate that the Limited Assurance Sustainability
Information and Limited Assurance Climate Information, have not been prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with
the Criteria, for the years ended or periods as at, as outlined in Appendices 1 (i) and (iii).

The procedures we performed in carrying out our limited assurance in respect of Limited Assurance Sustainability Information,
as per Appendix 1 (i), were based on our professional judgement and included:
• Performing enquiries with respect to capturing, collating, calculating and reporting the Limited Assurance
Sustainability Information;

• Calculating the arithmetic accuracy of a sample of calculations of the Limited Assurance Sustainability Information;
PricewaterhouseCoopers, ABN 52 780 433 757
One International Towers Sydney, Watermans Quay, Barangaroo NSW 2000, GPO BOX 2650, Sydney NSW 2001
T: +61 2 8266 0000, F: +61 2 8266 9999, www.pwc.com.au
Level 11, 1PSQ, 169 Macquarie Street, Parramatta NSW 2150, PO Box 1155 Parramatta NSW 2124
T: +61 2 9659 2476, F: +61 2 8266 9999, www.pwc.com.au
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.

• Undertaking analytical procedures over the performance data utilised within the calculations and preparation of the Limited
Assurance Sustainability Information; and
• Comparing the Limited Assurance Sustainability Information to relevant underlying sources on a sample basis.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

• Assessing the appropriateness of selected estimates, assumptions and methodologies applied by management in the
preparation of the Limited Assurance Sustainability Information;

FINANCIAL REPORT

The procedures performed in a limited assurance engagement vary in nature and timing from, and are less in extent than for,
a reasonable assurance engagement and consequently the level of assurance obtained in a limited assurance engagement
is substantially lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had a reasonable assurance engagement been
performed. Accordingly, we do not express a reasonable assurance opinion.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

We assessed the Limited and Reasonable Assurance Sustainability Information against the Sustainability Criteria. The Limited
and Reasonable Assurance Sustainability Information needs to be read and understood together with the Sustainability
Criteria, as at 30 June 2025 and the year/period then ended, or as otherwise specified in the Selected Sustainability
Information set out on pages 95 to 99 and pages 167 to 169.

We have complied with the ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional and Ethical Standard Board’s APES 110
Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including Independence Standards) relevant to assurance engagements, which
are founded on fundamental principles of integrity, objectivity, professional competence and due care, confidentiality and
professional behaviour.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

• Limited Assurance over selected Climate Subject Matter Information (the Limited Assurance Climate Information),
as outlined in Appendix 1 (iii).

Our independence and quality management

SUSTAINABILITY

Subject Matter Information and Criteria

• ensuring that those criteria are relevant and appropriate to the Group and the intended users; and

CREATING VALUE

• determining appropriate reporting topics and selecting or establishing suitable criteria for measuring, evaluating and
preparing the underlying Subject Matter Information;

OVERVIEW

Independent Assurance Report on selected subject matter information for the
Commonwealth Bank of Australia (the Bank) and its controlled entities (together
the Group) in its 2025 Annual Report

Our limited assurance conclusion and reasonable assurance opinion are with respect to the Subject Matter Information for the
years ended or periods as at, as outlined in Appendices 1 (i), (ii) and (iii), and do not extend to information in respect of earlier
periods or to any other information included in, or linked from, the 2025 Annual Report.

432

433
COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

The procedures we performed in carrying out our limited assurance in respect of the selected Limited Assurance Climate
Information, as per Appendix 1 (iii), were based on our professional judgement and included:

• Agreeing a sample of lending exposures and their categorisation back to source systems and documentation;
• Agreeing a sample of external data used in the estimation and attribution of emissions to third party sources (i.e. customers
financial and non-financial data), however our scope did not include performing procedures over the underlying data
provided by third-parties;
• Assessing the reasonableness of any material estimates made in preparing the Limited Assurance Climate Information;

• Reviewing the presentations and disclosures of the selected Climate Subject Matter Information and Climate Criteria in the
2025 Annual Report.
We believe that the evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our limited
assurance conclusion.

Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Reasonable Assurance Sustainability Information, as outlined in Appendix 1
(ii), based on the procedures we have performed and the evidence we have obtained.
Our engagement has been conducted in accordance with the Australian Standard on Assurance Engagements (ASAE)
3000 Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information and ASAE 3410 Assurance
Engagements on Greenhouse Gas Statements. Those standards require that we plan and perform this engagement to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether anything has come to our attention to indicate that the Selected Sustainability
Information has not been prepared, in all material respects, for the years ended or periods as at, as outlined in Appendix 1 (ii).

• Evaluating the design and implementation of controls relevant to the selected Sustainability Information; and

Our limited assurance conclusion
Based on the procedures we have performed, as described under ‘Our responsibilities’ and the evidence we have obtained,
nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the Limited Assurance Sustainability Information and Limited
Assurance Climate Information have not been prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the Sustainability and
Climate criteria for the years ended or periods as at, as outlined in Appendices 1 (i) and (iii).

Emphasis of matter – Estimation of ‘Selected Scope 3 emissions’
The estimation of ‘Selected Scope 3 emissions’ within the Limited Assurance Sustainability Information, as per Appendix 1 (i),
reported by the Group comprises selected sources of operational Scope 3 emissions only.
We draw attention to the Climate disclosures appendix on pages 423 to 427 which sets out these assumptions and data
sources for different Scope 3 emissions sources. Our conclusion is not modified in respect of this matter.

Our reasonable assurance opinion
In our opinion, in all material respects, the Group has prepared the Reasonable Assurance Sustainability Information, in
accordance with the Sustainability Criteria as at 30 June 2025 and the year/period then ended, or as otherwise specified in
the Reasonable Assurance Sustainability Information set out in Appendix 1 (ii).

Use and distribution of our report
We were engaged by the Board of Directors of the Commonwealth Bank of Australia on behalf of the Group to prepare this
independent assurance report having regard to the criteria specified by the Group and set out in this report. This report was
prepared solely for the Directors of the Commonwealth Bank of Australia for the purpose of providing limited or reasonable
assurance, as applicable, in respect of the Subject Matter Information and may not be suitable for any other purpose.

Inherent limitations

This disclaimer applies to the maximum extent permitted by law and, without limitation, to liability arising in negligence or
under statute and even if we consent to anyone other than the Group receiving or using this report.

Inherent limitations exist in all assurance engagements due to the selective testing of the information being examined. It is
therefore possible that fraud, error or non-compliance may occur and not be detected.

Additionally, non-financial data may be subject to more inherent limitations than financial data, given both its nature and the
methods used for determining, calculating and estimating such data. The precision of different measurement techniques may
also vary. The absence of a significant body of established practice on which to draw to evaluate and measure non-financial
information allows for different, but acceptable, evaluation and measurement techniques that can affect comparability
between entities and over time. In addition, greenhouse gas quantification is subject to inherent uncertainty because

PricewaterhouseCoopers

Elizabeth O’Brien
Partner

Sydney
13 August 2025

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

A reasonable or limited assurance engagement is not designed to detect all instances of non-compliance of the Subject
Matter Information with the Criteria, as a limited assurance engagement is limited primarily to making enquiries of the
Group’s management and applying analytical procedures; and limited/reasonable assurance engagement procedures are not
performed continuously throughout the period and procedures are undertaken on a test basis.

FINANCIAL REPORT

We believe that the evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our reasonable
assurance opinion.

We accept no duty, responsibility or liability to anyone other than the Group in connection with this report or to the Group
for the consequences of using or relying on it for a purpose other than that referred to above. We make no representation
concerning the appropriateness of this report for anyone other than the Group and if anyone other than the Group chooses to
use or rely on it they do so at their own risk.

• Use of larger sample sizes for substantive procedures undertaken on a sample basis.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

A reasonable assurance engagement involves performing procedures to obtain evidence about the Reasonable Assurance
Sustainability Information. The nature, timing and extent of procedures selected depend on professional judgement, including
the assessment of risks of material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, in the Reasonable Assurance Sustainability
Information. In making those risk assessments, we considered internal control relevant to the Group’s preparation of the
Group’s Reasonable Assurance Sustainability Information. Our reasonable assurance engagement also included:

The assurance conclusion and opinion expressed in this report have been formed on the above basis.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Reasonable Assurance Sustainability Information

The uncertainties and limitations are laid out in more detail in the Climate Criteria.

SUSTAINABILITY

• Reperforming a sample of calculations undertaken in preparing the selected Limited Assurance Climate Information and the
appropriate application of the Climate Criteria in those calculations; and

It is acknowledged by stakeholders globally, including regulators, that there are significant limitations in the availability and
quality of emissions data from third parties, resulting in the extensive use of proxy and third-party data. In addition, the
Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials (“PCAF”) has established a ‘data quality score card’ and associate guidance for
entities to measure their own data quality per asset class. The application of this data quality score card to determine a data
quality score per asset class is inherently subjective. It is anticipated that the principles and methodologies used to measure
and report the Climate Subject Matter Information will develop over time and may be subject to change in line with market
practice and regulation, impacting comparability year-on-year.

CREATING VALUE

• Undertaking enquiries with management regarding the process and controls for capturing, collating and reporting the
Limited Assurance Climate Information;

of evolving knowledge and information to determine emissions factors and the values needed to combine emissions of
different gases.
OVERVIEW

The Limited Assurance Sustainability Information includes a deduction from the Group’s emissions for the year of 1,000
tonnes of CO₂-e relating to offsets. We have performed procedures as to whether these offsets were acquired during the year
(or when actual emissions are unknown before the year end, until the issuance of the assurance report post year-end) and
arrangements are in place for their surrender, as well as performed procedures over the calculation of net emissions. We have
not, however, performed any procedures regarding the external providers of these offsets, and express no conclusion about
whether the offsets have resulted, or will result, in a reduction of 1,000 tonnes of CO₂-e.

434

435
COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Appendix 1 – Subject Matter Information
Limited Assurance on Selected Sustainability Information (the Limited Assurance
Sustainability Information)

Employees with caring responsibilities (as at September 2024)

59.5%

Employees who have accessed parental leave (including Female and Male)

2,372

ESG training completed (headcount)

48,987

OVERVIEW

i.

Selected Limited Assurance Sustainability Information

For the year ended
30 June 2025, or as
otherwise specified

Employee training (hours per employee)
26.1 hours
27.2 hours

Greenhouse gas emissions – Selected Scope 3 emissions (Location-based, Group)

67,383 tCO2-e

– Executive Managers and above roles (Male)

25.3 hours

Greenhouse gas emissions – Scope 1, Scope 2 and Selected Scope 3 emissions (Market-based, Group)

67,780 tCO2-e

– Others (Total)

30.2 hours

Greenhouse gas emissions – Scope 1 and 2 emissions (Location-based, India)

2,315 tCO2-e

– Others (Female)

31.1 hours

Greenhouse gas emissions – Scope 1 and 2 emissions (Location-based, Other overseas)

530 tCO2-e

– Others (Male)

29.2 hours

Greenhouse gas emissions – Selected Scope 3 emissions (Location-based, Australia)

54,158 tCO2-e

– Average per employee (Total)

30.0 hours

Greenhouse gas emissions – Selected Scope 3 emissions (Location-based, New Zealand)

5,008 tCO2-e

– Average per employee (Female)

31.0 hours

Greenhouse gas emissions – Selected Scope 3 emissions (Location-based, India)

5,984 tCO2-e

– Average per employee (Male)

29.0 hours

Greenhouse gas emissions – Selected Scope 3 emissions (Location-based, Other overseas)

2,233 tCO2-e

Renewable electricity procurement (%)

52.9%

Women in Manager and above roles (as at 30 June 2025)

44.8%
45.1%

– Australia

100%

Women in Executive Manager and above roles (as at 30 June 2025)

– New Zealand

93%

Gender pay equity – female to male base salary comparison (as at 31 March 2025)

– India

100%

– Executive General Manager

0.98

100%

– General Manager

1.00

– Other overseas

49,916 gigajoules

– Executive Manager

0.98

Electricity consumption – property and fleet – Australia

311,292 gigajoules

– Manager/Professional

0.99

Renewable electricity purchased – Australia

302,785 gigajoules

– Team Member

1.01

Electricity generated from on-site solar panels – Australia

8,507 gigajoules

Total renewable energy consumption – Australia (renewable electricity purchased and electricity
generated on on-site solar panels)

311,292 gigajoules

Total waste (commercial and data centres operations) – Australia

789 tonnes

– 35–44 years

33.8%

Total water – Australia

228,326 kilolitres

– 45–54 years

18.0%

Office paper usage (retail and commercial operations) – Australia

199 tonnes

– 55–64 years

8.3%

Total full-time equivalent (FTE) employees (as at 30 June 2025)

51,346

– 65+ years

1.2%

Graduates

350

Indigenous workforce (ancestry) (as at September 2024)

1.4%

Headcount (as at 30 June 2025)

55,850

Employees with disability or neurodivergence (as at September 2024)

7.9%

Employee turnover (voluntary) (for the period ended 30 June 2025)

8.4%

Employees who identify as LGBTQIA+ (as at September 2024)

4.2%

Employee turnover (involuntary) (for the period ended 30 June 2025)

2.9%

CBA Customers (as at 30 June 2025)

14.8m

Total fuel consumption – Australia

Age diversity (as at 30 June 2025)
– <25 years

6.6%

– 25–34 years

31.9%

89%

– Part-time

6,444

Escalated complaints to an external dispute resolution (EDR) scheme

6,804

– Casual

826

Escalated to an external dispute resolution (EDR) scheme – Privacy complaints

130

Lost time injury frequency rate (LTIFR)

0.42%

Total community investment

$338.9m

Absenteeism

10.2 days

Community Investment – cash contributions

$25.1m

Health, safety and wellbeing training

55,768

Community Investment – program management costs

$27.3m

People engagement index – CBA (as at November 2024 and May 2025)

85% / 85%

Community Investment – forgone revenue

$282.2m

Employees working flexibly (as at September 2024)

85.4%

Community Investment as a percentage of cash net profit before tax

2.3%

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

480,378

Complaints received – resolved within five days (%)

FINANCIAL REPORT

Complaints received (#)
33,504

– Full-time

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Employment type (headcount) (as at 30 June 2025)

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Women in workforce (as at 30 June 2025)

SUSTAINABILITY

For the year ended
30 June 2025, or as
otherwise specified

CREATING VALUE

– Executive Managers and above roles (Total)
– Executive Managers and above roles (Female)

Selected Limited Assurance Sustainability Information

436

437
COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

18,748

Indigenous cultural development (training completion rate) (as at 30 June 2025)

35.7%

Indigenous Customer Assistance Line (ICAL) – calls received

341,980

Australian Indigenous supplier spend – Direct spend ($’000)

$62,100

Australian Indigenous supplier spend – Directed spend ($’000)

$594

Training completion rate – Code of Conduct (as at 30 June 2025)

99.9%

Training completion rate – mandatory learning (as at 30 June 2025)

99.9%

Substantiated misconduct cases

1,959

Misconduct cases resulting in termination

184

SpeakUp Program disclosures

408

Whistleblower disclosures

68

Digitally active customers

9.8m

CommBank app customers

9.1m

Phishing sites takes down

881

Data breaches reported to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC)

3

Significant IT incidents

8

Cultural diversity – Executive Manager and above roles (as at September 2024)

39.0%

ii.

Reasonable Assurance on Selected Sustainability Information (the Reasonable Assurance
Sustainability Information)

Greenhouse gas emissions – Scope 1 emissions (Location-based, Group)

5,592 tCO2-e

Greenhouse gas emissions – Scope 2 emissions (Location-based, Group)

58,168 tCO2-e

Greenhouse gas emissions – Scope 1 and 2 emissions (Location-based, Australia)

58,463 tCO2-e

Greenhouse gas emissions – Scope 1 and 2 emissions (Location-based, New Zealand)

2,452 tCO2-e

Total energy consumption – Australia (Total fuel consumption, Electricity consumption,
Total energy consumption incl. fuel and electricity)

361,208 gigajoules

iii.

Attributed emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2) intensity for the preceding
12 months based on drawn lending exposure as at 30 June 2024 in the
Australian Commercial Property – Office sector;

58.1 kgCO₂-e/m²;

Scope 1 & 2:
4.9

Attributed emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2) intensity for the preceding
12 months based on drawn lending exposures as at 30 June 2024 in the
Australian Commercial Property – Retail sector;

48.6 kgCO₂-e/m²;

Scope 1 & 2:
5.0

Attributed emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2) intensity for the preceding
12 months based on drawn lending exposures as at 30 June 2024 in the
Australian Commercial Property – Industrial sector;

30.8 kgCO₂-e/m²;

Scope 1 & 2:
5.0

Attributed emissions (Scope 1) intensity for the preceding 12 months based on
drawn lending exposure as at 30 June 2024 in the Power Generation sector;

91 kgCO₂/MWh;

Scope 1: 2.1

Attributed emissions (Scope 1) intensity for the preceding 12 months based on
drawn lending exposure as at 30 June 2024 in the Australian Road (passenger
and light commercial vehicle finance) sector;

234 gCO₂/Vehicle km;

Scope 1: 3.8

Attributed emissions (Scope 1 for operators and Scope 3 for lessors) intensity
for the preceding 12 months based on drawn lending exposures as at 30
June 2024 in the Transport – Aviation sector;

93 gCO₂/revenue
passenger km;

Scope 1: 3.9

Attributed absolute emissions (Scope 1 for operators and Scope 3 for lessors)
for the preceding 12 months based on drawn lending exposures as at 30
June 2024 in the Transport – Shipping sector;

0.20 MtCO₂;

Scope 1: 3.8

The following management assertions regarding attributed emissions for the
preceding 12 months:
(i) There was no drawn lending exposure to the Steel sector as at 30 June 2024;

(i) N/A

(i) N/A

(ii) Alumina sector emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2) intensity for drawn
lending exposures as at 30 June 2024;

(ii) less than 1.7
tCO₂-e/ tonne of
aluminium production

(ii) Scope 1 &
2: 2.0

(iii) Aluminium sector emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2) intensity for drawn
lending exposures as at 30 June 2024;

(iii) more than 10%
above 7.5 tCO₂-e/
tonne of aluminium
production

(iii) Scope 1 &
2: 2.0

(iv) Cement sector emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2) intensity for drawn
lending exposures as at 30 June 2024;

(iv) less than 0.7
tCO₂-e/ tonne of
cement production

(iv) Scope 1 &
2: 2.0

Attributed absolute emissions for the preceding 12 months based on drawn
lending exposure as at 30 June 2024 in the Upstream Oil Extraction sector;

Scope 1 and Scope 2
emissions of less than
0.1 MtCO₂; and

Scope 1 & 2:
2.0

Limited Assurance on Selected Climate Subject Matter Information (the Limited Assurance
Climate Information)

2. The following sector-level performance metrics and Partnership for Carbon and accounting Financials (‘PCAF’) data quality
scores calculated for the following sectors and presented on pages 116 to 129 and pages 162 to 163 of the 2025 Annual
Report:

Attributed absolute emissions for the preceding 12 months based on drawn
lending exposure as at 30 June 2024 in the Upstream Gas Extraction sector;

Scope 1 and Scope 2
emissions of less than
0.1 MtCO₂; and
Scope 3 emissions of
0.3 MtCO₂;

Attributed absolute emissions for the preceding 12 months based on drawn
lending exposure as at 30 June 2024 in the Thermal Coal Mining sector
comprising:

Scope 1 and Scope 2
emissions of less than
0.1 MtCO₂; and
Scope 3 emissions of
less than 0.1 MtCO₂;

Scope 3: 2.1

Scope 1 & 2:
2.0
Scope 3: 2.1

Scope 1 & 2:
2.2
Scope 3: 3.5

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

1. New and incremental financing for the 12 months ended 30 June 2025 (‘FY25 contributions’) of 10.2 billion to
Sustainability Funding Target (SFT) by Asset Class as presented in the column entitled ‘Of which: FY25 contributions’ in the
table on page 172 of the 2025 Annual Report, with the exception of the ‘Energy Efficient Residential Buildings’ asset class.

Scope 3 emissions of
0.1 MtCO₂;

FINANCIAL REPORT

For the year ended
30 June 2025, or as
otherwise specified

Scope 1 & 2:
4.2

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Selected Sustainability Information

35.0 kgCO₂-e/m²;

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Next Chapter Interactions

Attributed emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2) intensity for the preceding
12 months based on drawn lending exposure as at 30 June 2024 in the
Australian Housing sector;

SUSTAINABILITY

$4.3m

PCAF Data
quality score as
at 30 June 2024

CREATING VALUE

Community Investment – value of time volunteering

Sector-level performance metrics

Attributed
emissions

OVERVIEW

Selected Limited Assurance Sustainability Information

For the year ended
30 June 2025, or as
otherwise specified

438

439

Absenteeism

Absenteeism refers to the average number of sick leave days taken (and carer’s leave days for
CommSec employees) during the reporting period per Australia-based full-time equivalent employee
including Bankwest. Colonial First State is included up to 1 December 2021, after which time our
divestment from the business was complete. This is the Criteria for the accompanying Selected
Sustainability Information assured by PwC.

The variability among living organisms from all sources, including among other things, terrestrial,
marine and other aquatic ecosystems and the ecological complexes of which they are part; this
includes diversity within species, between species and of ecosystems.

Board

The Board of Directors of the Commonwealth Bank of Australia.

Bond facilitation

The arranging or lead management of primary market debt securities issuance. This does not include
secondary trading of debt securities.

Business MFI share

RFI Global Atlas Business MFI Share. Data on a six-month roll weighted to the Australian business
population. MFI Customer Share is the proportion of all businesses with any business banking, that
nominate the financial institution as their main financial institution. Share based on grouped brands
as follows: CBA Group includes CBA and Bankwest, ANZ Group includes ANZ and Suncorp from
August 2024, NAB Group includes NAB, Westpac Group includes Westpac, St George, BankSA and
Bank of Melbourne.

Carbon capture and
storage

A process in which a relatively pure stream of carbon dioxide from industrial and energy-related
sources is separated (captured), conditioned, compressed and transported to a storage location for
long-term isolation from the atmosphere.

Carbon credit

An emissions unit that is issued by a carbon crediting program and represents an emission reduction
or removal of greenhouse gases. Carbon credits are uniquely serialised, issued, tracked and cancelled
by means of an electronic registry.

Carbon
sequestration

The capture and secure storage of carbon dioxide from the atmosphere. In agriculture, this occurs via
photosynthesis by trees and plants and into soils as a carbon sink.

CBA customers

The number of customers who have a relationship with the Commonwealth Bank of Australia, as
at 30 June. A customer is defined as anyone who is currently associated with an open account as
either the owner, joint owner, trustee or primary cardholder. Includes retail, non-retail customers
and deceased estates. This is the Criteria for the accompanying Selected Sustainability Information
assured by PwC.

Chronic physical risk

Longer-term shifts in climate patterns (e.g. sustained higher temperatures) that may cause sea level
rise or chronic heat waves.

Client

A customer who is relationship managed by the Group’s Institutional or Business Bank with Financing
transactions $5 million or greater.

Climate Active

Climate Active is an ongoing partnership between the Australian Government and Australian
businesses to drive voluntary climate action. Climate Active is the only government accredited carbon
neutral certification scheme in Australia.

CO2-e

Carbon dioxide equivalent (CO2-e) is a measurement used to compare emissions from various GHGs
based on their global warming potential. Other gas amounts are converted into the equivalent
amount of carbon dioxide to provide a single emissions metric. Conversion factors vary based on
the underlying assumptions.

CommBank app
customers

The total number of customers that have logged into the CommBank mobile app at least once in
the month of June for our full year reporting. This is the Criteria for the accompanying Selected
Sustainability Information assured by PwC.

Common Equity Tier
1 Capital (CET1)

The highest quality of capital available to the Group reflecting the permanent and unrestricted
commitment of funds that are freely available to absorb losses. It comprises ordinary share capital,
retained earnings and reserves less prescribed deductions.

Community
investment – cash
contributions

Total funds contributed by the Group (excluding Aussie Home Loans) through donations, charitable
gifts, community partnerships and matched giving. Matched giving excludes staff contributions.
All amounts are GST inclusive where applicable with the exception of donations and charitable
gift transactions which are exempt from GST. This is the Criteria for the accompanying Selected
Sustainability Information assured by PwC.

Community
investment
– forgone revenue

Forgone revenue consists of the aggregate value of fee-free or discounted CBA products and
services related to transacting accounts during the reporting period, to a range of customers;
including youth, young adults, Government benefit recipients, not-for-profit organisations and
older people. This metric relates to monthly account fee and transaction fees and contains some
assumptions to estimate the number of active accounts with forgone revenue. This metric does
not include discounts on interest rates or revenue forgone as part of CBA’s Emergency Assistance
Packages. Certain transaction fee waivers are excluded from forgone revenue estimates. This is the
Criteria for the accompanying Selected Sustainability Information assured by PwC.

Absolute emissions

GHG emissions, expressed in terms of weight of CO2 (e.g. tCO2) or weight of CO2 equivalent
(e.g. tCO2-e) for a given scope/s.

Acute physical risk

Event-driven climate-related hazards, including increased severity of extreme weather events, such
as cyclones, hurricanes, or floods.

Age diversity

Percentage of permanent employees (full-time, part-time, job share or on extended leave), casuals,
employees on international assignment and contractors paid directly by the Group, by age group as
at 30 June. Excludes ASB businesses in New Zealand. PT Bank Commonwealth (PTBC) is included
up to 30 April 2024, after which time our divestment from this business was complete. This is the
Criteria for the accompanying Selected Sustainability Information assured by PwC.

ANZSIC

Australian and New Zealand Standard Industrial Classification (1993).

APRA

Australian Prudential Regulation Authority.

APS 111

Refers to Prudential Standard APS 111 Capital Adequacy: Measurement of Capital. This Prudential
Standard sets out the characteristics that an instrument must have to qualify as Regulatory Capital
for an authorised deposit-taking institution and the various regulatory adjustments to be made to
determine total Regulatory Capital on both a Level 1 and Level 2 basis.

ASB customers

The number of customers who have a relationship with ASB New Zealand, as at 30 June. A customer
is defined as anyone who holds an open account. Includes retail and non-retail customers and
deceased estates.

Assets under
management (AUM)

AUM represent the market value of assets for which the Group acts as an appointed manager.

Attribution factor or
attribution share

The share of total GHG emissions of the borrower or investee that are allocated to the loan
or investments.

Australian
Indigenous supplier
spend (Direct spend)

Direct (first tier) supplier spend (GST-inclusive) includes any approved invoice (including grants)
from an Indigenous enterprise during the reporting period. To meet the definition of an Indigenous
enterprise, the enterprise must be at least 50% Indigenous-owned. It includes any approved invoices
from an Indigenous enterprise that is: registered or certified by Supply Nation; listed by the Office
of the Registrar of Indigenous Corporations; listed by an Indigenous Chamber of Commerce; that
provides a Certificate of Indigeneity or a Statutory Declaration that the business is 50% or more
Indigenous-owned. This is the Criteria for the accompanying Selected Sustainability Information
assured by PwC.

Australian
Indigenous supplier
spend (Directed
spend)

Directed Indigenous Supplier Spend for FY25 includes spend with four Indigenous enterprises
through a first tier non-Indigenous supplier (agents) where the Bank has requested spend with the
Indigenous supplier (principal) and the transaction can be verified. This metric is calculated based
on the actual amount (GST inclusive) spent with the Indigenous supplier (principal). To meet the
definition of an Indigenous enterprise, the enterprise must be at least 50% Indigenous-owned.
It includes any approved invoices from an Indigenous business that is: registered or certified by
Supply Nation; listed by the Office of the Registrar of Indigenous Corporations (ORIC); listed by an
Indigenous Chamber of Commerce (ICC); that provides a Certificate of Indigeneity or a Statutory
Declaration that the business is 50% or more Indigenous-owned. This is the Criteria for the
accompanying Selected Sustainability Information assured by PwC.

Bank of the Year
Digital Banking

CBA won Canstar’s Bank of the Year – Digital Banking award for 2025 (for the 16th year in a row).
Awarded June 2025.

Bankwest
customers

The number of customers who have a relationship with Bankwest, as at 30 June. A customer is
defined as anyone who holds an open account. Includes retail and non-retail customers and deceased
estates.

Best Digital
Consumer Bank
(Major)

CBA was awarded ‘Best Digital Consumer Bank (Major)’ for the 7th year in a row by RFI Global’s
Banking & Finance Awards 2025. Presented March 2025. Award is based on information collected
from the RFI Global Atlas research program – feedback from over 80,000 business and/or retail
customers from January 2024 to December 2024.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Biodiversity

FINANCIAL REPORT

An internally developed tool used by the Bank to assess the inherent and residual risk rating of
non-financial risks, issues and incidents.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

5x5 risk matrix

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Definition

SUSTAINABILITY

Term

CREATING VALUE

Definition

OVERVIEW

Term

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Glossary

440

441

Awarded from the 2019 financial year, deferred shares are ordinary shares in CBA, which are
restricted until vesting and used for deferred short-term variable remuneration (STVR) arrangements
and sign-on awards. These equity awards are subject to forfeiture if the Executive ceases to be
employed by the Group prior to the vesting date as a result of resignation or serious misconduct,
Board risk and reputation review, and malus and clawback provisions.

DESNZ

The UK Government’s Department for Energy Security and Net Zero.

Digitally active
customers

The total number of customers who have logged into a core digital asset (NetBank or CommBank
mobile app, excludes CommBiz) at least once in the month of June. This is the Criteria for the
accompanying Selected Sustainability Information assured by PwC.

Direct emissions

Emissions from sources that are owned or controlled by the reporting entity and/or the borrower.

Dividend payout
ratio (“cash basis”)

Dividends paid on ordinary shares divided by net profit after tax (“cash basis”).

Dividend payout ratio
(“statutory basis”)

Dividends paid on ordinary shares divided by net profit after tax (“statutory basis”).

DPS

Dividend per share.

DRP

Dividend reinvestment plan.

E&S Framework

The E&S Framework provides a reference point for our stakeholders on the minimum standards we
seek to abide by. Our E&S Framework is underpinned by our internal Group Environmental and Social
Policy and relevant business unit specific procedures. This year we reviewed the settings in our E&S
Policy and updated our E&S Framework.

Earnings per share
(EPS) (basic)

Basic earnings per share is the net profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the Bank, divided
by the weighted average number of ordinary shares on issue during the year per the requirements of
relevant accounting standards.

Earnings per share
(EPS) (diluted)

Diluted earnings per share adjusts the net profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the
Bank and the weighted average number of ordinary shares on issue used in the calculation of basic
earnings per share, for the effects of dilutive potential ordinary shares per the requirements of
relevant accounting standards.

Electricity
consumption –
property and fleet
– Australia

Purchased electricity used for retail, commercial, residential and data centre properties, ATMs
and electric vehicle fleet during the reporting period under the Group’s operational control in
Australia. The data is based on a combination of invoiced amounts and estimates based on
historical information or pro-rata consumption. This is the Criteria for the accompanying Selected
Sustainability Information assured by PwC.

Electricity
generated from
on-site solar panels
– Australia

Comprised of solar energy consumed in the generation of electricity that is equal to the amount
generated from solar photovoltaic panels installed on sites within the Group’s operational control
in Australia. In FY25 there were approximately 86 branches and business centres, and one data
centre, with solar panels installed. This is the Criteria for the accompanying Selected Sustainability
Information assured by PwC.

Embodied carbon

The carbon emissions associated with materials and construction processes throughout the lifecycle
of a building. Includes carbon released during extraction, manufacturing, transportation of materials
and construction practices used to construct the building.

Emissions factor

A figure provided by a credible third party that provides an estimated amount of CO2 emitted for a
specific activity (e.g. emissions per barrel of oil combusted). These can be multiplied with production
figures to estimate emissions.

Emissions intensity
metric

Emissions per a specific unit. There is a difference between economic intensity (e.g. tCO2-e/$million
financing, tCO2-e/$million company revenue) and physical intensity which compares emissions to a
unit of output (e.g. tCO2-e/MWh, tCO2-e/t-steel produced).

Emissions scopes

The GHG Protocol Corporate Standard classifies an organisation’s GHG emissions into three scopes
– Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 emissions.

Employee training
(hours per
employee)

Average completed training hours per employee recorded in CBA’s learning management system
(PeopleLink) as at 30 June, measured by headcount. Training hours are allocated to each training item
including face-to-face or online training and excludes external training and video training. Executive
Managers, General Managers, Executive General Managers and the Chief Executive Officer are
included in ‘Executive Managers and above’ and ‘Others’ includes team managers and team members.
This metric excludes the training completion rates of the employees of ASB businesses in New
Zealand. This is the Criteria for the accompanying Selected Sustainability Information assured by PwC.

Community
investment – value
of time volunteering

Total estimated dollar value of volunteering hours contributed by Australia-based CBA and
Bankwest employees during the reporting period, excluding terminated employees. Volunteering
activities as captured in the Group’s leave management system (Workday). Average hourly rates are
calculated using Australia-based permanent employees’ salaries as at 30 June, excluding the salaries
of the Board, the CEO, Group Executives and offshore employees. Colonial First State is included up
to 1 December 2021, after which time our divestment from the business was complete. This is the
Criteria for the accompanying Selected Sustainability Information assured by PwC.

Community
investment as a
percentage of cash
net profit before tax

Total community investment as a percentage of the Group’s cash net profit from continuing
operations before tax during the reporting period. This is the Criteria for the accompanying Selected
Sustainability Information assured by PwC.

Conduct captured
by The Banking
Industry Conduct
Background Check
Protocol

The Australian Banking Association (ABA) Conduct Background Check Protocol was implemented in
June 2017 and assists the ABA’s member organisations when hiring to find out information about a
job applicant’s past employment history and conduct record. The ABA Protocol sets out a series of
fact-based questions an ABA subscriber can ask another ABA subscriber about a candidate to help
identify any past employment history of misconduct in accordance with the protocol.

Corporate or trade
finance

The provision of corporate or trade finance including:
• corporate loans including acquisition, trade and bridge finance and reserve-based lending; and
• export credit finance to a client

Corporations Act

Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).

Cost-to-income
ratio

Represents operating expenses as a percentage of total operating income. The ratio is a key
efficiency measure.

CPS 230

Refers to Prudential Standard CPS 230 Operational Risk Management. The aim of this Prudential
Standard is to ensure that an APRA-regulated entity is resilient to operational risks and disruptions.
An APRA-regulated entity must effectively manage its operational risks, maintain its critical
operations through disruptions and manage the risks arising from service providers.

CPS 511

Refers to Prudential Standard CPS 511 Remuneration. This Prudential Standard outlines regulatory
requirements for how APRA-regulated entities design and govern their remuneration frameworks
and arrangements, including those of the CEO and Group Executives. Its objective is to ensure
that individuals are incentivised to manage risks prudently. The standard also defines the Board’s
responsibilities pertaining to the remuneration framework and mandates public disclosure of
remuneration.

Cultural diversity
– Executive
Manager and above

The percentage of employees who are Executive Manager and above and have disclosed that they
have a culturally diverse background in the Group’s annual people and culture survey. Data shown
excludes employees who declined to answer. Participation and disclosure in the survey is voluntary
and can vary from year-to-year. This is the Criteria for the accompanying Selected Sustainability
Information assured by PwC.

Customer
complaints
– received (#)
– resolved within
five days (%)

The number of complaints received by the Group during the reporting period, as recorded in the
FirstPoint feedback management system, managed via our Internal Dispute Resolution process.
Resolution timeliness reports on the percentage of the received complaints that have been
resolved within five working days (excluding any open complaints) during the reporting period.
Includes Bankwest and CBA/Colonial First State (CFS) or Commonwealth Insurance Limited (CIL)
commingled complaints or complaints related to the sale and distribution of CFS/CIL products.
CFS is included up to 1 December 2021, after which time our divestment from the business was
complete. Excludes ASB businesses in New Zealand and other overseas operations. This is the
Criteria for the accompanying Selected Sustainability Information assured by PwC.

Data breaches
reported to the
OAIC

The number of eligible data breaches reported to the OAIC to 30 June as required under Part IIIC
of the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth). These include incidents where personal information is subject to
unauthorised access, disclosure or loss arising from human error, system fault and malicious or
criminal attack, resulting in the likelihood of serious harm to the affected individuals. This is the
Criteria for the accompanying Selected Sustainability Information assured by PwC.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Deferred shares

FINANCIAL REPORT

Total costs incurred by the Group to implement and manage community investment programs
including the Indigenous Customer Assistance Line (ICAL) contact centre, Next Chapter, Women
in Focus, school programs as well as other not-for-profit activities during the reporting period.
These costs include salary and wages, occupancy, IT and other expenditure. Amounts include
approved invoices (including grants) to a registered Australian Indigenous business – refer to
Australian Indigenous supplier spend. All amounts are verified transactions, inclusive of GST where
applicable, with the exception of transactions which are exempt from GST. This is the Criteria for the
accompanying Selected Sustainability Information assured by PwC.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Community
investment
– program
management costs

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Definition

SUSTAINABILITY

Term

CREATING VALUE

Definition

OVERVIEW

Term

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Glossary (continued)

442

443

Definition

Term

Definition

Employee turnover
– involuntary

Refers to all involuntary exits of permanent employees during the reporting period as a percentage
of the average permanent headcount paid directly by the Group (full-time, part-time, job share or on
extended leave), excluding ASB businesses in New Zealand. Involuntary exits include redundancies
and terminations for disciplinary reasons. This is the Criteria for the accompanying Selected
Sustainability Information assured by PwC.

ESG training
completed
(headcount)

The number of CBA and Bankwest employees who have completed ESG training modules, measured
by headcount, as recorded in the Bank’s learning management system (PeopleLink) as at 30 June.
Excludes ASB businesses in New Zealand. This is the Criteria for the accompanying Selected
Sustainability Information assured by PwC.

Employee turnover
– voluntary

Refers to all voluntary exits of permanent employees during the reporting period as a percentage
of the average permanent headcount paid directly by the Group (full-time, part-time, job share or
on extended leave), excluding non-permanent employees and ASB businesses in New Zealand.
Voluntary exits are determined to be resignations and retirements. This is the Criteria for the
accompanying Selected Sustainability Information assured by PwC.

Executive
Leadership Team
(ELT)

The team comprises of the CEO and individuals in the following executive groups: Group Executives
and CEO ASB.

Executives

Collective term referring to the individuals in the following executive groups: CEO, Group Executives
and CEO ASB.

The emissions financed by a financial institution’s loans and/or investments. They are estimated
based on an attributed proportion of the financial institution’s customers’ emissions. These financed
emissions are part of the financial institution’s Scope 3 (Category 15) emissions.

Employees with
disability or
neurodivergence

The percentage of employees who disclosed that they have a disability or that they are
neurodivergent in the Group’s people and culture survey. In 2024, the disability question in the people
and culture survey changed, as a result, numbers prior to 2024 reflect the proportion of employees
who disclosed that they had a disability, chronic illness or other medical condition. Participation
and disclosure in the survey is voluntary and can vary from year-to-year. Businesses in Indonesia
included up to September 2023. Excludes ASB businesses in New Zealand. This is the Criteria for the
accompanying Selected Sustainability Information assured by PwC.

Financial
Independence
Hub (participants
supported)

Employees
who identify as
LGBTQIA+

The percentage of employees who disclosed that they identify as Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Queer,
Asexual, Pansexual or other in the Group’s people and culture survey. From 2024, we ask separate
questions on sexual orientation and gender identity. Prior to 2024, gender identity and sexual
orientation were asked in a single question and as a result, numbers prior to 2024 reflect the
proportion of employees who identified as Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender, Queer, Intersex,
Asexual, non-binary/gender diverse or other. Participation and disclosure in the survey is voluntary
and can vary from year-to-year. Businesses in China and Singapore included from September 2021.
Excludes ASB businesses in New Zealand and businesses in Indonesia. This is the Criteria for the
accompanying Selected Sustainability Information assured by PwC.

A Financial Independence Hub participant is an individual who has received meaningful support,
interactions or assistance within the Financial Independence program. This might include, but is not
limited to, financial coaching, financial counselling, providing advice, information or education on
domestic and family violence and/or financial abuse, referrals to other services within Good Shepherd
or to external agencies, or support with tasks. A participant can receive one or more services. An
individual may participate (engage) more than once with the Financial Independence Hub and is
supported until they no longer need assistance on their journey to financial independence. They are
counted as a participant each time they engage to seek support or service.

Fossil fuel
extraction

For the Bank, this includes exposures to upstream oil and gas exploration and production, thermal
coal mining and metallurgical coal mining.

Fossil fuel
financing-related
commitments

Fossil fuel financing-related commitments refers to the 11 commitments, the compliance with which
we will report upon annually, as stated on pages 6–7 of our 2023 E&S Framework. This year we
reviewed the settings in our E&S Policy and updated our 2025 E&S Framework.

Gender pay equity
– female to
male base salary
comparison

Gender pay equity is defined as the ratio of the weighted average base salary (including secondment
allowance, where applicable) of males and females for Australia-based employees of the Group, as
at 31 March. The data reflects roles in similar functions, role scope and responsibilities. The data
refers to permanent employees who are full-time, part-time, on secondment, job sharing or on
extended leave. It excludes the CEO, Board members, contractors, casual employees and employees
who have not responded with a defined gender. This is the Criteria for the accompanying Selected
Sustainability Information assured by PwC.

Gender pay gap

The gender pay gap, as defined by the Workplace Gender Equality Agency (WGEA), is the
difference in average or median earnings between women and men in the workforce, or in an
individual workplace.

Gentailers

Combined retail and power generation companies.

Graduates

The number of graduates who accepted and commenced in a graduate position with CBA or
Bankwest during the reporting period. Graduate positions commence in February each year. This is
the Criteria for the accompanying Selected Sustainability Information assured by PwC.

Employees
with caring
responsibilities

The percentage of employees who selected one or more of the caring responsibility options
(including, but not limited to, caring for elderly, children, people with disability, chronic conditions,
etc.) in the Group’s people and culture survey. Participation and disclosure in the survey is voluntary
and can vary from year-to-year. Businesses in Indonesia included up to September 2023. Excludes
ASB businesses in New Zealand. This is the Criteria for the accompanying Selected Sustainability
Information assured by PwC.

Employees
working flexibly

The proportion of employees who agreed that they have the flexibility they need to fulfil both work
and personal commitments in the Group’s people and culture survey. In 2024, the flexibility question
in the people and culture survey changed, as a result, numbers prior to 2024 reflect the proportion
of employees who disclosed they used one or more of the flexible work options in the previous 12
months. Participation and disclosure in the survey is voluntary and can vary from year-to-year.
Businesses in Indonesia included up to September 2023. Excludes ASB businesses in New Zealand.
This is the Criteria for the accompanying Selected Sustainability Information assured by PwC.
The number of Australian employees as at 30 June for our full year reporting who are permanent
employees working in full-time, part-time or casual positions, including job share or on extended
leave. It excludes ASB businesses in New Zealand, fixed term contractors and contingent workers.
This is the Criteria for the accompanying Selected Sustainability Information assured by PwC.

Greenhouse gas
emissions

The release of greenhouse gases into the atmosphere. Greenhouse gases are those covered by the
UNFCCC/Kyoto Protocol – currently, carbon dioxide (CO2), methane (CH4), nitrous oxide (N2O),
hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs), perfluorocarbons (PFCs), sulphur hexafluoride (SF6) and nitrogen
trifluoride (NF3).

Escalated
complaints to an
external dispute
resolution (EDR)
scheme
– Total
– Privacy complaints

The number of complaints escalated to an EDR scheme for the Group during the reporting period.
This includes complaints that have been through the Bank’s Internal Dispute Resolution (IDR)
process, then escalated to an EDR scheme. The reported metric includes the number of privacy
related complaints escalated to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC)
or Australian Financial Complaints Authority (AFCA) for the Group during the reporting period.
These complaints are recorded in FirstPoint and managed by the Group Customer Relations and/
or Customer Care teams. EDR schemes include, but are not limited to the Australian Financial
Complaints Authority (AFCA) and the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC).
Includes Bankwest and CBA/Colonial First State (CFS) or Commonwealth Insurance Limited (CIL)
commingled complaints or complaints related to the sale and distribution of CFS/CIL products.
CFS is included up to 1 December 2021, after which time our divestment from the business was
complete. Excludes ASB businesses in New Zealand and other overseas operations. This is the
Criteria for the accompanying Selected Sustainability Information assured by PwC.

Greenhouse Gas
Protocol

Greenhouse gas protocol establishes comprehensive global standardised frameworks to measure and
manage greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions from private and public sector operations, value chains and
mitigation actions.

Group

Commonwealth Bank of Australia and its subsidiaries.

Group Executive
(GE)

An individual of the Executive Leadership Team (excludes the CEO and the CEO ASB).

Harder-to-abate

Sectors where the reduction of carbon emissions or the transition to net zero by 2050 is either
technologically or financially difficult.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Employment type
(headcount)

FINANCIAL REPORT

Financed emissions

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

The GHG emissions associated with the arranging of capital market issuances.

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Facilitated
emissions

SUSTAINABILITY

Number of employees eligible for parental leave benefits who had started primary or secondary
carer parental leave during the reporting period, as recorded in the Group’s human resources system.
This metric is reported using the information available as at 30 June. Excludes ASB businesses in
New Zealand and employees of discontinued operations. This is the Criteria for the accompanying
Selected Sustainability Information assured by PwC.

CREATING VALUE

Employees who have
accessed parental
leave (including
Female and Male)

OVERVIEW

Term

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Glossary (continued)

444

445

Location-based
emissions reporting

Reflects the Group’s emissions in the context of its location, on which the consumption/activity
for Scope 2 and selected Scope 3 emissions occur. This does not consider renewable electricity
procurement represented by the retirement of eligible renewable attribute certificates.

Long-term variable
remuneration
(LTVR)

Variable remuneration subject to service conditions and performance measures over four years. LTVR
awards that remain on foot following satisfaction of service conditions and performance measures
are restricted until completion of a risk and compliance review after a further holding period.

Long-term
alignment
remuneration
(LTAR)

Remuneration that is subject to pre-grant and pre-vest assessments and vests subject to service
conditions after a period of four and five years for the CEO, and four years for Group Executives and
CEO ASB.

Lost time injury
frequency rate
(LTIFR)

LTIFR is the reported number of occurrences of lost time arising from injury or disease that have
resulted in an accepted workers compensation claim during the reporting period, for each million
hours worked by Australia and New Zealand employees. The metric captures claims relating to
permanent, casual and contractors paid directly by the Group. It is reported using the information
available as at 30 June. Prior year numbers have been restated due to claims received after year-end
reporting date. This metric includes data for the now divested Colonial First State business covering
the period up to 30 November 2021. These records pertain to workers that were employed by CBA at
the time and CBA retains some legal obligations as an employer for that period. This is the Criteria for
the accompanying Selected Sustainability Information assured by PwC.

Lower-carbon
economy

An economic system which produces lower levels of greenhouse gas emissions, particularly those
produced from burning fossil fuels.

Market
Capitalisation

The total market value of a company’s outstanding shares, calculated by multiplying current share
price by number of outstanding shares.

Market-based
emissions reporting
(Australia)

Reflects the large generation certificates (LGCs) purchases redeemed against the electricity used for
retail, commercial, residential and data centre properties, ATMs and electric vehicle fleet during the
reporting period under the Group’s operational control in Australia.

Market-based
emissions reporting
(India)

Reflects the energy attribute certificates (EACs) purchases redeemed against electricity used for the
commercial property in India under CBA’s operational control.

Market-based
emissions reporting
(New Zealand)

Reflects the electricity purchased outside of ASB’s 100% renewable energy provider, such as offsite
ATM’s, offsite EV charging and locations where electricity is recharged to ASB.

Market-based
emissions reporting
(Other overseas)

Reflects the energy attribute certificates (EACs) purchases redeemed against electricity used for the
Other Overseas commercial properties.

Misconduct
cases resulting in
termination

This metric represents closed substantiated misconduct cases which resulted in termination
and were managed in Australia by the Workplace Relations team, SpeakUP team and/or Group
Investigations team during the reporting period. The metric excludes incidents reported by local
associates and joint ventures. There are various internal policies within the Group that govern staff
conduct obligations, such as the ‘Code of Conduct’ which is the guiding framework at CBA. Colonial
First State is included up to 1 December 2021, after which time our divestment from the business
was complete. This is the Criteria for the accompanying Selected Sustainability Information assured
by PwC.

Most Innovative
Major Consumer
Bank

CBA was awarded the ‘Most Innovative Major Consumer Bank’ for the 7th year in a row by RFI
Global’s Banking & Finance Awards 2025. Presented March 2025. The award is based on information
collected from the RFI Global Atlas research program – feedback from over 80,000 business and/or
retail customers from January 2024 to December 2024.

Headcount

Total number of employees, including permanent headcount (full-time, part-time, job share, on
extended leave) and contractors (fixed term arrangements) paid directly by the Group as at 30 June
2025. Excludes contingent workers. PT Bank Commonwealth (PTBC) is included up to 30 April 2024
and Colonial First State is included up to 1 December 2021, after which time our divestment from
these businesses was complete. This is the Criteria for the accompanying Selected Sustainability
Information assured by PwC.

Health, safety and
wellbeing training

Number of employees who completed health, safety and wellbeing training, as recorded in the
Group’s learning management system (PeopleLink) as at 30 June, measured by headcount. Excludes
ASB businesses in New Zealand. This is the Criteria for the accompanying Selected Sustainability
Information assured by PwC.

IEA

International Energy Agency.

IEA NZE

The Net Zero Emissions by 2050 Scenario as published in the IEA’s World Energy Outlook.

IEA SDS

The Sustainable Development Scenario as published in IEA’s World Energy Outlook until 2021.

Indigenous cultural
development
(training completion
rate)

Percentage of employees, in relation to total headcount, who have completed Indigenous cultural
development, as recorded in the Group’s learning management system (PeopleLink) as at 30
June. Indigenous cultural development programs included are: Indigenous cultural awareness
e-learning; Providing banking services to First Nations customers e-learning; or BlackCard Cultural
Learning Program. Includes CBA and Bankwest domestic employees. Excludes ASB businesses
in New Zealand and other overseas operations. This is the Criteria for the accompanying Selected
Sustainability Information assured by PwC.

Indigenous Customer Number of calls received from retail customers via the dedicated ICAL during the reporting period. It
Assistance Line (ICAL) excludes calls that were abandoned by CBA retail customers. Excludes Bankwest. This is the Criteria
for the accompanying Selected Sustainability Information assured by PwC.
– calls received
Indigenous
workforce
(ancestry)

Represents the proportion of employees who disclosed that they identify as Australian Aboriginal
and/or Torres Strait Islander in the Group’s people and culture survey. Prior to 2024, Indigenous
workforce was captured through the ancestry question in the people and culture survey. From 2024,
we introduced a standalone question. Participation and disclosure in the survey is voluntary and can
vary from year-to-year. From September 2022, the data represents the proportion of Australiabased employees only. Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander representation in Australia is based
on the 2021 Australian Census. This is the Criteria for the accompanying Selected Sustainability
Information assured by PwC.
Emissions that are a consequence of the activities of the reporting entity but occur at sources owned
or controlled by another entity.

In-scope drawn
lending

Drawn lending which excludes exposures in the finance and insurance, and government
administration and defence ANZSICs. Portfolios not assessed include consumer finance (excluding
Australian motor vehicle finance) and commercial property outside of Australia and New Zealand.

Interest Rate Risk
in the Banking Book
(IRRBB)

Interest Rate Risk in the Banking Book is the risk that the Bank’s profit derived from Net Interest
Income (interest earned less interest paid), in current and future periods, is adversely impacted by
changes in interest rates. This is measured from two perspectives: firstly by quantifying the change
in the net present value of the Balance Sheet’s future earnings potential; and secondly as the
anticipated change to Net Interest Income earned over 12 months. This calculation is driven by APRA
regulations with further detail outlined in the Group’s Basel III Pillar 3 report.

IPR RPS

Inevitable Policy Response Required Policy Scenario.

MPP

Mission Possible Partnership.

Key Management
Personnel (KMP)

Persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of an
entity, directly or indirectly, including any Director (whether Executive or otherwise) of that entity.

NABERS

National Australian Built Environment Rating System.

Land-use change

Land-use change involves a change from one land use category to another.

NatHERS

Nationwide House Energy Rating Scheme.

Land-use change
and removals
emissions

Land-use change emissions are biogenic CO2 emissions resulting from carbon stock losses and other
GHG emissions due to land use change. For example carbon stock losses from the conversion of
forest to grassland or cropland (deforestation). Removals are net increases to storage in land carbon
pools due to ongoing land management practices (e.g. soil sequestration, afforestation).

National Greenhouse
Accounts (NGA)
Factors

NGA Factors provide emission factors and methods that help companies and individuals estimate
greenhouse gas emissions.

Natural capital

The stock of renewable and non-renewable natural resources (e.g., plants, animals, air, water, soils,
minerals) that combine to yield a flow of benefits to people.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Indirect emissions

FINANCIAL REPORT

Total number of CBA hardship approvals during the reporting period for retail accounts across home
loans, personal loans and credit cards. A hardship account is defined as an account where the customer
takes up an approved hardship solution, due to financial hardship, owing (but not limited) to reasons
such as unemployment/underemployment, health, relationship breakdown and over committed.
Excludes written off accounts and life arrangements. Excludes Bankwest and ASB New Zealand.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Hardship approvals

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Definition

SUSTAINABILITY

Term

CREATING VALUE

Definition

OVERVIEW

Term

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Glossary (continued)

446

447

The natural world, with an emphasis on the diversity of living organisms (including people) and their
interactions among themselves and with their environment.

Net lettable area

This is a square metre measure of total occupiable floor space of the base building.

RFI Global Atlas Consumer MFI NPS. Based on Australian population aged 14+ years old rating
their likelihood to recommend their MFI. NPS results are shown as a six-month rolling average. NPS
ranks are based on simple comparisons of scores among major banks, not statistically significant
differences. NPS is reported for each brand, therefore Commonwealth Bank of Australia excludes
Bankwest and ASB Banking Group.

Net profit after tax
(NPAT) (“cash basis”)

Represents net profit after tax and non-controlling interests before non-cash items including
hedging and IFRS volatility, and gains or losses on acquisitions, disposal, closure, capital repatriation
and demerger of controlled business. This is management’s preferred measure of the Group’s
financial performance.

NPS – CBA –
Consumer mobile
banking app

Net profit after
tax (NPAT)
(“statutory basis”)

Represents net profit after tax and non-controlling interests, calculated in accordance with
Australian Accounting Standards. This is equivalent to the statutory item “Net profit attributable to
equity holders of the Bank”.

RFI Global Atlas Consumer MFI Mobile Banking App NPS: Based on MFI customers rating their
likelihood to recommend their MFI’s Mobile Banking App used in the last four weeks. NPS results are
shown as a six-month rolling average. NPS ranks are based on simple comparisons of scores among
major banks, not statistically significant differences. NPS is reported for each brand, therefore
Commonwealth Bank of Australia excludes Bankwest and ASB Banking Group.

Net Promoter Score
(NPS)

For the major banks, NPS is reported for main bank (MFI) only. “Net Promoter®, NPS®, NPS Prism®,
and the NPS-related emoticons are registered trademarks of Bain & Company, Inc., NICE Systems,
Inc., and Fred Reichheld. Net Promoter ScoreSM and Net Promoter SystemSM are service marks of
Bain & Company, Inc., NICE Systems, Inc., and Fred Reichheld.” NPS refers to customer likelihood to
recommend their main financial institution using a scale from 0–10 (where 0 is ‘not at all likely’ and
10 is ‘extremely likely’) and NPS is calculated by subtracting the percentage of Detractors (scores
0–6) from the percentage of Promoters (scores 9–10).

NPS – CBA –
Consumer online
banking

RFI Global Atlas Consumer MFI Online Banking NPS: Based on MFI customers rating their likelihood
to recommend their MFI’s Online Banking used in the last four weeks. NPS results are shown as a sixmonth rolling average. NPS ranks are based on simple comparisons of scores among major banks, not
statistically significant differences. NPS is reported for each brand, therefore Commonwealth Bank
of Australia excludes Bankwest and ASB Banking Group.

NPS – CBA –
Institutional

RFI Global Atlas Institutional $300 million plus Business MFI NPS: Based on Australian businesses
with an annual revenue of $300 million or more for the previous financial year rating their likelihood
to recommend their MFI for Business Banking. NPS results are shown as a twelve-month rolling
average. NPS ranks are based on simple comparisons of scores among major banks, not statistically
significant differences. NPS is reported for each brand, therefore Commonwealth Bank of Australia
excludes Bankwest and ASB Banking Group.

Office paper
usage (retail
and commercial
operations –
Australia)

Office paper used in retail and commercial operations under the Group’s operational control during
the reporting period. Invoiced reams of paper are used to estimate usage by weight. This is the
Criteria for the accompanying Selected Sustainability Information assured by PwC.

One-off cash award

An non-recurring monetary award granted to an employee. The award is made either as a single
payment or in multiple tranches and is subject to the employee satisfying any applicable vesting
conditions. The award is provided in addition to the employee’s regular remuneration.

One-off equity
award

An non-recurring equity award granted to an employee. The award vests either in a single tranche or
multiple tranches, subject to the employee satisfying any applicable vesting conditions. The award is
provided in addition to the employee’s regular remuneration.

Operational
emissions

Scope 1, 2 and selected Scope 3 emissions (excluding financed emissions) resulting from the
operations of our business for the Group, including ASB Banking Group in New Zealand and CBA’s
operations in India and other overseas locations.

Other overseas

Represents Group operations and controlled entities outside Australia, New Zealand and India.

Paris Agreement

The Paris Agreement, adopted within the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change
in December 2015, commits all participating countries to limit global temperature rise to well below
2°C above pre-industrial levels and pursue efforts to limit warming to 1.5°C, to adapt to changes
already occurring, and to regularly increase efforts over time.

Partnership for
Carbon Accounting
Financials (PCAF)

A financial industry-led initiative that helps financial institutions assess and disclose the greenhouse
gas (GHG) emissions associated with their financial activities.

People engagement
index – CBA

People Engagement Index (PEI) measures how engaged our people are, including feelings of personal
accomplishment and advocacy of the organisation through two engagement questions in the Group’s
people and culture surveys. PEI is calculated based on the proportion of employees that agree or
strongly agree with two engagement questions in the Group’s people and culture survey. These
questions are rated on a scale of 1 to 5 (where 1 is ‘Strongly Disagree’ and 5 is ‘Strongly Agree’).
Participation and disclosure in the survey is voluntary and can vary from year-to-year. PT Bank
Commonwealth (PTBC) was included up to 30 April 2024, after which time our divestment from
this business was complete. Excludes ASB businesses in New Zealand. This is the Criteria for the
accompanying Selected Sustainability Information assured by PwC.

Performance rights

Performance rights to ordinary shares in CBA granted under the Group’s LTVR arrangements and
subject to the satisfaction of performance measures and service conditions.

Net Stable Funding
Ratio (NSFR)

The NSFR more closely aligns the behaviour terms of assets and liabilities. It is the ratio of the
amount of available stable funding (ASF) to the amount of required stable funding (RSF). ASF is the
portion of an Authorised Deposit-taking Institution’s (ADI) capital and liabilities expected to be a
reliable source of funds over a one year time horizon. RSF is a function of the liquidity characteristics
and residual maturities of an ADI’s assets and off Balance Sheet activities.

Net tangible assets
per share

Net assets excluding intangible assets, non-controlling interests and other equity instruments
divided by ordinary shares on issue at the end of the period (excluding Treasury Shares deduction).
Right of use assets are included in net tangible assets per share.

New Zealand

New Zealand in the context of our financial reporting includes the banking and funds management
businesses operating under the ASB brand. ASB provides a range of banking, wealth and insurance
products and services to personal, business and rural customers in New Zealand.

Next Chapter
Interactions

The total number of interactions with individuals, including non-CommBank customers, in vulnerable
circumstances supported by the Next Chapter team during the reporting period. The channels
are: inbound calls answered; asynchronous chat opened conversations via the CommBank app;
and successful outbound contacts made to support customers who received abusive messages
via transaction descriptions. Excludes ASB businesses in New Zealand. This is the Criteria for the
accompanying Selected Sustainability Information assured by PwC.

NPS – ASB
– Business and
rural banking

Business Finance Monitor NPS measures the net likelihood of recommendation to others of the
business or rural customer’s main financial institution. Using a scale of 0 to 10 (0 means ‘extremely
unlikely’ and 10 means ‘extremely likely’), the 0–6 raters (detractors) are deducted from the 9–10
raters (promoters). Four-quarter rolling average data is used. The ranking refers to ASB’s position
relative to the other three main New Zealand banks.

NPS – ASB
– Consumer

Retail Market Monitor NPS measures the net likelihood of recommendation to others of the
customer’s main financial institution. Using a scale of 1 to 10 (1 means ‘extremely unlikely’ and 10
means ‘extremely likely’), the 1–6 raters (detractors) are deducted from the 9–10 raters (promoters).
Twelve-month rolling average data is used. The ranking refers to ASB’s position relative to the other
four main New Zealand banks.

NPS – Bankwest
– Consumer

RFI-DBM Atlas Consumer Main Financial Institution (MFI) NPS (refer to definition for Net Promoter
Score). Based on Australian population aged 14+ years old, rating their likelihood to recommend their
MFI. NPS results are shown as a six-month rolling average. NPS is reported for each brand, therefore
Commonwealth Bank of Australia excludes Bankwest, and Westpac excludes St George, BankSA
and Bank of Melbourne. Bankwest ranking is based on the following nine banks: CBA, ANZ, Westpac,
NAB, Adelaide/Bendigo Bank, Suncorp, Bankwest, Bank of Queensland and St George. NPS ranks are
based on absolute scores among reported banks and not statistically significant differences.

NPS – CBA –
Business

RFI Global Atlas Business MFI NPS. Based on Australian businesses rating their likelihood to
recommend their MFI for Business Banking. NPS results are shown as a six-month rolling average.
NPS ranks are based on simple comparisons of scores among major banks, not statistically significant
differences. NPS is reported for each brand, therefore Commonwealth Bank of Australia excludes
Bankwest and ASB Banking Group.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Nature

NPS – CBA –
Consumer

FINANCIAL REPORT

Gas produced from fossil fuel sources and used primarily for energy production.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Natural gas

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Definition

SUSTAINABILITY

Term

CREATING VALUE

Definition

OVERVIEW

Term

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Glossary (continued)

448

449

Senior leaders

Collective term referring to the individuals in the following executive groups: Executive Leadership
team, Executive General Managers and General Managers.

Short-term variable
remuneration
(STVR)

Variable remuneration granted in the form of a discretionary payment, with reference to the Group’s,
business unit’s and the individual’s performance over one financial year. STVR is received as cash
and, where applicable, deferred shares.

Signals analysed
for potential cyber
threats

The average number of weekly observable events in the CBA and Bankwest network that are
analysed for potential cyber threats to 30 June. Excludes ASB businesses in New Zealand.

Significant IT
incidents

The number of significant IT incidents during the reporting period causing a critical or significant
business impact for the Group. Incidents are categorised according to the Group’s IT Incident
Management Standard. Excludes ASB New Zealand. This is the Criteria for the accompanying
Selected Sustainability Information assured by PwC.

SpeakUP Program
disclosures

Number of disclosures made to the Group’s SpeakUP Program during the reporting period. The
disclosures include both whistleblower and non-whistleblower disclosures. Colonial First State is
included up to 1 December 2021 and PT Bank Commonwealth (PTBC) is included up to 30 April
2024, after which times our divestment from these businesses was complete. This is the Criteria
for the accompanying Selected Sustainability Information assured by PwC.

Substantiated
misconduct cases

This metric represents closed substantiated misconduct cases managed in Australia by the
Workplace Relations team, SpeakUP team and/or Group Investigations team during the reporting
period. The metric excludes incidents reported by local associates and joint ventures. There are
various internal policies within the Group that govern staff conduct obligations, such as the ‘Code of
Conduct’ which is the guiding framework at CBA. Colonial First State is included up to 1 December
2021, after which our divestment from the business was complete. This is the Criteria for the
accompanying Selected Sustainability Information assured by PwC.

Supplementary
cementitious
materials

Materials that can partly replace clinker in cement or can be used in concrete to partially
replace cement.

Support units

Support units are not business functions and are responsible for enabling the operations of the
Bank. Functions that are in support units include Human Resources, Technology, Financial Services,
Operations, Risk Management, Marketing & Corporate Affairs, Group Strategy and Legal and
Group Secretariat.

Sustainable Aviation
Fuel (SAF) –
associated Scope 3
emissions

SAF is renewable or waste-derived drop-in aviation fuel that meets sustainability criteria, including
a life cycle emissions reduction compared to conventional aviation fuel, sourced through Qantas SAF
Coalition during the reporting period.

Sustainable finance

For the Bank, this means products, services, tools and other activities that support customers in
taking actions that drive improved ESG outcomes.

Tank-to-wake

In the shipping and aviation sectors, ‘tank-to-wake’ emissions refer to emissions generated from the
combustion of fuel.

Total Committed
Exposure (TCE)

TCE are defined as the balance outstanding and undrawn components of committed facility
limits. It is calculated post receipt of eligible financial collateral that meets the Group’s netting
requirements and excludes settlement exposures.

Thermal efficiency

A measure of the thermal performance of a building, based on the amount of heating and cooling
required to keep it at a comfortable temperature.

Pre-Provision Profit

Represents net operating income after operating expenses and before loan impairment expense.

Profit After Capital
Charge (PACC)

The Group uses PACC, a risk-adjusted measure, as a key measure of financial performance. It takes
into account the profit achieved, the risk to capital that was taken to achieve it and other adjustments.

RAS

Group Risk Appetite Statement.

Reference scenario

A science-based decarbonisation pathway at the global, regional or national level.

Renewable energy
exposure

Renewable energy exposures includes pure-play renewables companies and diversified power
generation customers where at least 90% of electricity generated is from renewable sources.

Renewable
electricity
procurement (%)
– Australia

The usage of electricity for operations within Australia, New Zealand, India and Other Overseas
generated via renewable sources in compliance with CBA’s RE100 commitment and reported as
a percentage of renewable electricity procurement. Addressed through the procurement of Large
Generation Certificates (LGCs) or Energy Attribute Certificates (EACs) in local and/or regional
jurisdictions for the reporting period. This is the Criteria for the accompanying Selected Sustainability
Information assured by PwC.

Renewable
electricity
purchased
– Australia

Comprised of renewable electricity purchased via power purchase agreements or retail contracts and
renewable energy certificates (including small-scale technology certificates (STCs) and Large-scale
generation certificates (LGCs)) surrendered in connection with electricity consumed in Australia
during the reporting period. This is the Criteria for the accompanying Selected Sustainability
Information assured by PwC.

RepTrak
reputation score

RepTrak, The RepTrak Company. Data is collected throughout the quarter and reported at quarter
end. The reputation score is a calculation based on four statements measuring esteem, admiration
and respect, trust and good feeling towards the organisation; expressed as a score ranging from
0–100 to determine the reputational strength of the company.

Restricted share
units (RSU)

Rights to ordinary shares in CBA or a cash equivalent, granted under the Group’s LTAR arrangements
and subject to a pre-grant and pre-vest assessment and service conditions.

Retail MFI Share

Main Financial Institution (MFI) Share measures the proportion of Banking and Finance MFI Customers
that nominated each bank as their MFI. In the Roy Morgan Single Source Survey, MFI is a customerdetermined response where one institution is nominated as the primary financial institution they deal
with (when considering all financial products they hold). Peers include ANZ Group (including Suncorp
from August 2024), NAB Group and Westpac Group (including St George Group). CBA Group includes
Bankwest. Source: Roy Morgan Single Source survey conducted by Roy Morgan, Australian population 14+
(12 month averages to June for our full year reporting), excluding those unable to identify MFI. Roy Morgan
has re-calibrated the results from April 2020 to March 2021 to take into account methodology changes
since COVID-19. This has resulted in small differences to some of the previously published figures.
Based on net profit after tax (“cash basis”) divided by average shareholders’ equity.

Return on equity
– statutory basis

Based on net profit after tax (“statutory basis”) divided by average shareholders’ equity.

Ruminant livestock

Herbivorous livestock species, such as cattle, buffaloes, sheep and goats, that digest their food
multiple times, chewing and regurgitating grass or vegetation more than once and digesting it in
various chambers of their stomachs.

SBTi

Science Based Targets initiative.

Toitū Net Carbon
Zero certification

Toitū facilitates offsetting entities’ remaining emissions through verified carbon credits to achieve a
neutral balance through Toitū Net Carbon Zero certification.

Scope 1 emissions

Greenhouse gas emissions released to the atmosphere as a direct result of an activity, or series of
activities at a facility level. Scope 1 emissions are sometimes referred to as direct emissions.

Total community
investment

Scope 2 emissions

Greenhouse gas emissions released to the atmosphere from the indirect consumption of an
energy commodity.

Total community investment includes cash contributions, value of time volunteering, foregone
revenue and program management costs, during the reporting period. This is the Criteria for the
accompanying Selected Sustainability Information assured by PwC.

Total customers

The combined number of customers who have a relationship with the Group, as at 30 June.
A customer is defined as anyone who holds an open account. Includes retail and non-retail
customers and deceased estates. Customers who have a relationship with more than one entity
(CBA, Bankwest and/or ASB) may be counted more than once.

Scope 3 emissions

Indirect greenhouse gas emissions other than Scope 2 emissions that are generated in the wider
economy. They occur as a consequence of the activities of a facility, but from sources not owned or
controlled by that facility’s business.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Return on equity
– cash basis

FINANCIAL REPORT

The number of phishing sites identified impersonating Group branding (CommBank, Commonwealth
Bank, CommBiz, CommSec, NetBank and CBA Group) and taken down by a third-party vendor during
the reporting period. This is the Criteria for the accompanying Selected Sustainability Information
assured by PwC.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Phishing sites taken
down

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Definition

SUSTAINABILITY

Term

CREATING VALUE

Definition

OVERVIEW

Term

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Glossary (continued)

450

451

Risks arising from transitioning to a lower-carbon economy due to changes in domestic and
international policy and regulatory settings, technological innovation, social adaptation and
market changes, which can result in changes to costs, income and profits, investment preferences
and asset viability.

Total fuel
consumption
– Australia

Energy from the use of natural gas and stationary diesel in commercial, retail and data centres
properties. Includes energy from the use of fuels such as petrol, diesel and ethanol for transport,
under CBA’s operational control in Australia during the reporting period. This is the Criteria for the
accompanying Selected Sustainability Information assured by PwC.

Transmission
infrastructure

The infrastructure (towers and wires, underground cables, transformers, switching equipment,
reactive power devices and monitoring and telecommunications equipment) that is used in the
transmission network.

Total full-time
equivalent
employees (FTE)

Total FTE of the Group by geographical work locations as at 30 June 2025. FTE includes full-time,
part-time, job share employees, employees on extended leave and contractors. One full-time role is
equal to 38 working hours per week. New Zealand category refers to ASB employees only. CBA staff
based in New Zealand are captured under ‘Other’. India FTE prior to FY22 are captured under ‘Other’.
PT Bank Commonwealth (PTBC) is included up to 30 April 2024 and Colonial First State is included
up to 1 December 2021, after which time our divestment from these businesses was complete. This
is the Criteria for the accompanying Selected Sustainability Information on Total FTE assured by PwC.

Waste (commercial
and data operations)
– landfill

Tonnes of waste to landfill generated per annum from commercial buildings and data centre
operations under the Group’s operational control in Australia during the reporting period. Waste to
landfill data is based on combination of invoiced amounts and estimates based on an average tonnes
per m2 of net lettable area. Invoiced amounts are estimated by the total number of bin lifts using
density conversion factors or actual weighed amounts where available.

Waste (commercial
and data operations)
– recycled

Tonnes of recycled waste generated per annum from commercial buildings and data centre
operations under the Group’s operational control in Australia during the reporting period. Recycled
waste data is a combination of invoiced amounts and estimates based on an average tonnes per m2
of net lettable area. Invoiced amounts are estimated by the total number of bin lifts using density
conversion factors or actual weighed amounts where available.

Waste (commercial
and data operations)
– secure paper
recycled

Tonnes of secured paper waste collected from commercial buildings and data centre operations
under the Group’s operational control in Australia during the reporting period. Secured paper waste
is shredded and recycled in a secure process to protect privacy. Based on invoiced volumes which
are estimated using average weight per bin collected. In FY22, the process changed to also include
onsite volumetric measurement at selected sites.

Water stress

Water stress was informed by the World Resources Institute as ratio of total water demand to
available surface and groundwater supplies.

Weighted average
number of shares

The calculation includes the number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period adjusted by
shares issued and bought back weighted for the proportion of the period they were outstanding.
It incorporates the bonus element of any rights issue, discount element of any DRP and excludes
“Treasury Shares”.

Whistleblower
disclosures

Number of disclosures made to the Group’s SpeakUP Program during the reporting period, which
were assessed as whistleblower. PT Bank Commonwealth (PTBC) is included up to 30 April 2024
and Colonial First State is included up to 1 December 2021, after which time our divestment from
these businesses was complete. This is the Criteria for the accompanying Selected Sustainability
Information assured by PwC.

Women in Manager
and above roles

The percentage of roles at the level of Manager and above (including Branch Managers) filled by
women, in relation to the total headcount at these levels as at 30 June. PT Bank Commonwealth
(PTBC) is included up to 30 April 2024, after which time our divestment from this business was
complete. Excludes ASB businesses in New Zealand. This is the Criteria for the accompanying
Selected Sustainability Information assured by PwC.

Women in Senior
Leadership
(Group Executives)

The percentage of executive roles that are filled by women as at 30 June. These roles are direct
reports of the Chief Executive Officer with authority and responsibility for planning, directing and
controlling the Group’s activities. For the list of current executives, see pages 54–57.

Women in workforce

The percentage of roles filled by women, in relation to the total headcount as at 30 June. PT Bank
Commonwealth (PTBC) is included up to 30 April 2024, after which time our divestment from
this business was complete. Excludes ASB businesses in New Zealand. This is the Criteria for the
accompanying Selected Sustainability Information assured by PwC.

Women in
Executive Manager
and above roles

The percentage of roles at the level of Executive Manager and above filled by women, in relation
to the total headcount at these levels as at 30 June. PT Bank Commonwealth (PTBC) is included
up to 30 April 2024, after which time our divestment from this business was complete. Excludes
ASB businesses in New Zealand. This is the Criteria for the accompanying Selected Sustainability
Information assured by PwC.

Total maximum
remuneration

The sum of an employee’s base remuneration and superannuation (collectively fixed remuneration)
and maximum short-term variable remuneration (STVR), long-term variable remuneration (LTVR)
and long-term alignment remuneration (LTAR) opportunity.

Comprised of energy consumed from renewable electricity purchased and electricity generated from
Total renewable
on-site solar panels in Australia during the reporting period. This is the Criteria for the accompanying
energy consumption
– Australia (renewable Selected Sustainability Information assured by PwC.
electricity purchased
and electricity
generated from on-site
solar panels)
Total waste
(commercial and data
centres operations)
– Australia

Total waste includes landfill waste, recycled waste and secure paper recycled waste generated and
collected from commercial buildings and data centre operations during the reporting period, under
the Group’s operational control in Australia. This is the Criteria for the accompanying Selected
Sustainability Information assured by PwC.

Total water
– Australia

Water consumption includes tenanted usage from commercial buildings, retail branches and data
centre operations during the reporting period under Group’s operational control in Australia. Water
usage is based on a combination of invoiced amounts and estimates based on an average usage per
m2 of net lettable area. This is the Criteria for the accompanying Selected Sustainability Information
assured by PwC.

Training completion
rate – Code of
Conduct

Training completion
rate – mandatory
learning

Transition Plan

Percentage of employees who have been assigned or completed the ‘Code of Conduct’ learning
module recorded in the Group’s learning management system (PeopleLink) as at 30 June. It includes
employees who have a learning due date after 30 June for our full year reporting. Excludes the training
completion rates of terminated employees and the employees of ASB businesses in New Zealand. This
is the Criteria for the accompanying Selected Sustainability Information assured by PwC.
Percentage of employees who have been assigned or completed the Group mandatory learning
modules recorded in the Group’s learning management system (PeopleLink) as at 30 June. It
includes employees who have a learning due date after 30 June. Excludes the training completion
rates of terminated employees and the employees of ASB businesses in New Zealand. The Group’s
mandatory learning modules are: Code of Conduct; Conflicts of Interest; Valuing Privacy; Health,
Safety and Wellbeing; Workplace Conduct (which includes Sexual Harassment); Preventing Insider
Trading; Financial Crime (which includes Anti-Bribery and Corruption, Anti-Money Laundering and
Counter-Terrorism Financing); Fraud; Resolving Customer Complaints; Information Security; Spam
Act Awareness and The Group Risk Management Approach. This is the Criteria for the accompanying
Selected Sustainability Information assured by PwC.
A plan that, at a minimum:
• contains a time-bound decarbonisation plan which is aligned to the goal of the Paris Agreement
to limit global warming to well below two degrees above pre-industrial levels; and
• includes the client’s Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions.
CBA will engage a third party to assess applicable clients’ Transition Plans against the above
two requirements.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Transition risks

FINANCIAL REPORT

Energy consumption is the consumption of natural gas, diesel stationary, transport fuel combusted
for the business use of tool-of-trade vehicles and electricity for properties and electric vehicle fleet
during the reporting period, under the Group’s operational control in Australia. This is the Criteria for
the accompanying Selected Sustainability Information assured by PwC.

DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Total energy
consumption
(including electricity
and fuel)
– Australia

CLIMATE DISCLOSURES

Definition

SUSTAINABILITY

Term

CREATING VALUE

Definition

OVERVIEW

Term

COMMONWEALTH BANK
2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Glossary (continued)

452

Important notices

Contact us

Non-IFRS information

Registered office

Readers should also be aware that certain financial data in this report may be considered “non-International Financial Reporting
Standards” (non-IFRS) financial information under Regulatory Guide 230 ‘disclosing non-IFRS financial information’ published
by ASIC, including: Net Profit After Tax (NPAT) (“cash basis”), Return on equity – cash basis, Earnings per share (“cash basis”),
Dividend payout ratio (“cash basis”) and Dividend cover (“cash basis”). Although the Group believes that these “non-IFRS”
financial information provide a useful means through which to examine the underlying performance of the business, such
“non-IFRS” financial information does not have a standardised meaning prescribed by Australian Accounting Standards or
IFRS and therefore may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other entities. They should be considered
as supplements to the financial statement measures that have been presented in accordance with the Australian Accounting
Standards or IFRS and not as a replacement or alternative for them. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any
such measures.

Commonwealth Bank Place South
Level 1, 11 Harbour Street
Sydney NSW 2000

Guidance on forward-looking statements
This report contains certain forward-looking statements with respect to the financial condition, capital adequacy, operations
and business of the Group and certain plans and objectives of the management of the Group. Such forward-looking
statements speak only as at the date of this report and undue reliance should not be placed upon such statements. Although
the Group currently believes the forward-looking statements have a reasonable basis, they are not certain and involve known
and unknown risks and assumptions, many of which are beyond the control of the Group, which may cause actual results,
conditions or circumstances to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Readers are cautioned
not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements particularly in light of: our operating context (on page 10–11),
current economic conditions, geopolitical events, and global banking uncertainty including recent examples of instability in
the banking system and regulatory, government and central bank responses.
Forward-looking statements can generally be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as “may”, “will”, “would”,
“could”, “expect”, “intend”, “plan”, “aim”, “estimate”, “target”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “continue”, “objectives”, “outlook”,
“guidance”, “goal” or “target” or other similar words, and include statements regarding the Group’s intent, belief or current
expectations with respect to the Group’s business and operations, market conditions, results of operations and financial
condition, capital adequacy and risk management. To the maximum extent permitted by law, responsibility for the accuracy
or completeness of any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or results or
otherwise, is disclaimed. The Group is under no obligation to update any of the forward-looking statements contained within
this report, subject to applicable disclosure requirements.
Forward-looking statements may also be made – verbally and in writing – by members of the Group’s management in
connection to this report. Such statements are also subject to the same limitations, uncertainties and assumptions which
are set out in this report.
Further guidance on forward-looking climate information:
In addition to the above, this report contains climate-related and other forward-looking statements and metrics, such
as goals and targets (including sector-level financed emissions goals and targets, Scope 1 and 2 operational emissions
reduction targets and Sustainability Funding Targets), climate scenarios and emissions intensity pathways, estimated climate
projections, forecasts and statements of the Group’s current intentions. Forward-looking statements may be affected by a
number of uncertainties and factors, including but without limitation:
• the inherent limits in the current scientific understanding of climate change and its impacts;
• a lack of common definitions and standards for climate related-data;

Telephone: +61 2 9262 8200
commbank.com.au

International locations
commbank.com.au/internationallocations

Share Registry
MUFG Corporate Markets (AU) Limited
Liberty Place
Level 41, 161 Castlereagh Street
Sydney NSW 2000
Mail: MUFG Corporate Markets (AU) Limited
Locked Bag A14 Sydney South NSW 1235
Toll-free telephone: +61 1800 022 440
Email: cba@cm.mpms.mufg.com
mpms.mufg.com

American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program
CBA ADRs are negotiable securities issued by BNY, with one ADR representing one CBA ordinary share. They are traded under the
symbol CMWAY and are classified as Level 1. They are not listed on any exchange and are only traded over-the-counter via brokers.
ADR Investors who hold ADRs via a broker should contact their US broker directly for queries relating to their holdings.
Registered ADR Holders – held via Computershare – should contact the registry directly:
Computershare Investor Services
P.O. Box 43078
Providence RI 02940-3078
USA
U.S. toll-free telephone: 1-888-BNY-ADRS (1-888-269-2377)
Telephone for international callers: 1-201-680-6825
Website: www-us.computershare.com/investor
E-Mail: shrrelations@cpushareownerservices.com

• the availability and quality of historical emissions data;
• a lack of transparency and comparability of climate-related forward-looking methodologies;

CBA Investor Relations

• variation in climate-related approaches and outcomes;

Telephone: +61 2 9118 7113
Email: CBAInvestorRelations@cba.com.au
commbank.com.au/investors

• variations and other challenges in climate-related data and methodologies may lead to under or overestimates,
and consequently present exaggerated indications of climate-related risks;
• limitations of climate scenario analysis and the models that analyse them;
• reliance on assumptions and future uncertainty (calculations of forward-looking metrics are complex and require
many methodological choices and assumptions);
• uncertainty and changes to climate-related policy, laws and regulations including future legal proceedings and
regulatory investigations;
• the complexity of calculations may require the assistance of one or more external data and methodology providers;
• climate data, modelling and methodology is rapidly evolving, and this may directly or indirectly affect the metrics and
data points used in the preparation of this report, and the goals and targets contained in this report; and
• changes arising out of market practices and standards, including emerging and developing ESG standards.

All other enquiries
commbank.com.au/contactus

453

